ll STAR OF THE WEST
NEWSITEMS.
BOMBAY, the 21st March We had a fine gathering, nearly a hundred eollege
students were invited by Mirna Maheam to our assembly. He gave a short address on
Bahaism, after which refreshments were served and the evening spent most cheerfully.
We have elected a body of nineteen members to look after the spread of the Cause all
over India. Jamesheed Khodadad is appointed president, with other believers as corre-
sponding secretaries, treasurer and the keeper of the seal. N. R. Vakzl.
Bos'r0N, Julia Culver has gone to England to attend the Races Congress,
and to be with Miss Buckton during the coming year. We shall greatly miss her, as she
has been untiring in her efiorts to further the Cause here.
Recently Mrs. Marie Watson spoke to the friends assembled here, and she seemed like
one aflame with the divine eloquence and fervor in such a little bodyl Mr.
Stanwood Cobb, who received the Message while a senior at Harvard divinity school here at
Cambridge, Was also with us recently and spoke clearly and beautifully of yielding our will
to God 's Vi-'ill and of the joy We should radiate in our every-day life, carrying with us the
real Bahai spirit. Alice Ives Breed.
LONDON, principal news is the increased hope We have that Abdul-Baha is
coming and will be here, or near by, to the Races Congress. The Bahais are uniting in
prayer and concentration each evening at 9 o'clock, upon love and unity, and that We may
be fittingly prepared as a fertile soil to receive the seed which Abdul-Baha will sow in our
midst; also other Societies of those who desire Abdul-Baha to come are joining us in this
9 o'clock concentration.
Mr. Sydney Sprague, who arrived a fertnight ago and left his Wife With her father,
Mirza Assadullah, in Haifa, hears from her that Abdnl--Baha has sent for Mirza Assadullah
to join him in Egypt on purpose to accompany him to Europe.
Interest in the Races Congress is increasing, and this month is to be an active time for
the Bahais in London, when it seems that our presence is to be made more felt and real
in the midst of the people. Besides unity meetings, We are to have four succeeding evening
lectures commencing 18th July, with the "Awakening of the East," given by Mrs. Stan-
nard; the 19th, "Personal Experiences of Bahais," by Mr. Sydney Sprague and by Per-
sians; 20th, "Arab Life and Religion," by Mr. S. H. Leeder, the author of "The Desert
Gateway," and on 21st, "The Relation of the Bahai Work and Teaching to Christianity,"
by Miss Buckton--all free, of course. are glad to hear so many of the friends are
coming from America on this great occasion. Arthur Cuthbert.
SPOKANE, our last news budget We have been greatly favored by a visit
from Mr. Roy C. Wilhelni, who addressed a meeting at the home of Mr. and Mrs. Killius.
It was Well attended and all listened with deep interest to the earnest words of this sincere
servant. At a recent unity feast at the home of Miss E. Mabel King, two children were
christened and Bahai baptism administered--the daughter of Mrs. Isabella M. Campbell,
Elizabeth Margaret, and the infant nephew of Mrs. Cora Ditmars, for Whom Abdul-Baha
sent the name of "Nur.' 
Our brother, Prof. Bramwell, has departed from the material presence among us. He
was a faithful servant, always doing good. As We stood beside his body and performed
the Bahai funeral service (in so far as we could) We caught the spirit of peace, and were
drawn closer to one another. His life and death Were, indeed, a benediction to all.
Lesley O'Kee;7'e.
WASHINGTON, D. C.--This assembly has been particularly fortunate recently in having
friends from other cities for visits which were only too short, but memorable in their

