STAR OF THE WEST 5
universal. concluded with a saying of Baha'u'llah, that the divine cause of uni-
versal good could not be limited to either E.ast or West. Miss Alice Buckton said
we were standing at one of the springtimes of the world, and from that assembly
-of representatives of thought and Work and 1ove- Would go out all over the World
influences making for unity and brotherhood. T'he complete equality of men and
women was one of the chief notes of Bahai teaching'. Sir Richard Stapley pointed
out that unity must not be sought in the forms and externals of religion, but in the
inner spirit. In Persia there has been such an impulse towards real unity as was a
rebuke to this so-called Christian country. Mr. Claude Montefiore, as a Jew, re-
joiced in the growth of the spirit of unity, and regarded that meeting as prophetic
of the better time to come, 'and in so-me sense a fulfillment of the idea expressed by
one who fell a martyr to- the Roman Catholic faith, Sir Thomas Moore, who Wrote of
the great Church of the Utopians, in which all varieties of creeds gathered together,
having a service and liturgy that expressed the higher unity, while admitting special
loyalties. Mrs. Stannard dwelt on What that meeting and the sentiments expressed
meant to the East, e-specially to the women, whose condition it was difficult for the
West to understand. Tamaddon-ul-Molk testified to the unifying effect the Bahai
movement had had in Persia, -and of the Wonderful Way in which it had spread to
America and other countries.
Then "The Master" rose to give his farewell address. An impressive figure, the
face rather Worn, b-ut the eyes full of animation, he stood for about fifteen minutes,
speaking in soft, musical Persian. From time to time he gently stroked his white
beard, and with hands extended, palms up-W-a.rds, he closed with a 
noble friends and seekers for the Kingdom of God! God be praised! we see
the light of love is shining in the East and the West; and the tent of intercourse
is raised in the centre of the world for the drawing together of hearts and souls.
The call of the Kingdom has gone all over the world. The annunc-iation of the world's
Universal Peace has enlightened the world's conscience. My hope is that by the
zeal and ardour of the pure-hearted, the darlaness of hatred and differences will be
entirely abolished, and the light of love and unity will shine more This
world shall become a new world. Things material will become the mirror of the
Kingdom. Human hearts will meet and embrace each other. The w-hole world shall
become as a man's native country; and different races shall be' counted as one race.
Then disputes and differences will vanish, and the Divine Beloved will be revealed
in the society of mankind. It is because the East and the West are illumined by the
One Sun, all races, natio-ns, and oreeds are the servants of the One God. The whole
earth is one home, and all peoples are bathed in the ocean of God's mercy. God cre-
ated all. He gives sustenance to all. He guides and trains all under the shadow of
his bounty. We must follow the cramp-le God himself gives us, and do away with all
these differences and quarrels. Praise be to God! the signs of friendship are appear-
ing, and a proof of this is that today the London of the West
have received extreme hindness, regard, and love, and I am deeply thankful and
happy. I shall never forget this time'I have spent with you. I leave you with ev-
treme regret, and with prayers for you, that all the beauty of the Kingdom may be
yours.
The translation of the valedictory having been read by Professor Sadler, Abdul
Baha clo-sed the meeting by giving his blessing in undulating tones.
By the time these lines appear Abdul Baha Abbas will have left our shores, but
the memory of his gracious personality is a permanent possession. His influence will
be felt for many days to come, and has already done much to promote that union of
East and West for which m-any have long yearned.

