6 STAR OF THE WEST
fection is possible is good,. to march forward on th-e path is better. We know
that to help the poor and to be merciful is good and pleases' God, but knowledge
alone does not feed the starving man, nor can the poor b-e warmed by knowl-
edge or words, in the bitter winter.
The magnet of your love brought me here. My hope is that the Divine
Light may shine here, and that the Heavenly Star of may
strengthen you, so that yo-u may be the cause of the Oneness of Humanity, that
you may help to make the darkness of superstition and prejudice disappear
and unite all creeds and all nations.
We have had wars and disputes for over 6,000 years. Even if we look
on this state of affairs as an experiment, surely it is sufficient, surely it is time
to stop. This is a brilliant century. Eyes are open now to the Beauty of the
Oneness of Humanity, of Love and Brotherhood. The darkness of suppression
will disappear and the Light of Unity will shine. We cannot bring Love and
Unity to pass only by talk. Knowledge is not enough. Wealth, science, edu-
cation are good, we know that, but we must also work and study.
Knowledge is the first step; Resolve, the second step; Action, the fulfil-
ment, is the third step. T'o make a building, first of all one must make a plan,
then one must have the power (money) to build, then, after all these prepara-
tions, one can build. One forms a Society of is good--but meet-
ings and talk are not enough. In Egypt these meetings take place, there is
only talk and no result. These meetings here in London are good, the knowl-
ed-ge and the intention are good, but how can there be a result without action?
Today the force for Unity is the Holy Spirit of He manifested
this Spirit of Unity. brings East and West together. Go back,
search history, you will not find a precedent for this.
Hi.
The Universal Races Congress was good. The result of it was intended to
be the furtherance and progress of Unity among all nations, a better interna-
tional understanding. The purpose was good. The causes of disputes among
different nations are always due to one of the fo-llo-Wing classes of prejudices:
Racial, language. Personal.
Theological. "Beliefs," customs, traditions.
It requires a uwiversal active force to overco-me these differences. A small
lamp could light a room, a larger could light a whole house, a larger still could
shine through the city, but the sun is needed to light the whole world. A small
disease needs a -small remedy, but a disease which pervades the whole body
needs a very strong remedy.
The difierences in languages cause dlisunion between nations. There must
be one universal language. The diversity in Faiths is also a cause of separa-
tion. The true foundation of all Faiths must be established, the outer dif-
ferences abolished. There must be a Oneness of Faith. To end all these dif-

