16 STAR OF THE WEST
that the Holy Spirit dominates every part of the human being when its will is subservient
to His Will; that by it we may be healed in body and soul; by its operation we may be
transformed and attain to wisdom and spiritual power which nothing on the material
plane can withstand. In speaking of his own station, he says that the Holy Spirit moves
his limbs.
Note the difference between the two processes: one is attaining physical power and
understanding of the natural laws given by Infinite Mind for the control of matter
only, while the other is accomplished by the Holy Spirit part being
simply to yield his will to its guidance and quickening influence.
The highest attainment, as taught by The Christ in Jesus, could be gained only by
a complete renunciation of self, a complete submission to the Will of God in all events.
But what does teach? He has instructed us that all past teachers
from God gave renunciation of self as the highest attainment or station possible in their
time, but, in this great day, this is but the first station; that "the servants of God
shall never attain to the shore of the Sea of Knowledge except by complete severance
from all that is in the heavens and earth." i
Perhaps you can get a clearer idea quote from the teachings
of and his son, .Abdu1-Baha. They have stated: "As the world travels
in a circle, so also do human beings work out their lines in cycles. Man begins with
God, and from His hand he first reaches the Mineral condition or kingdom, on his
descent into matter, and contains latent force or power"-of growth. Then he reaches
the Vegetable kingdom, which is still only matter, but it has the power of growth
added. Then he progresses to the Animal kingdom, which has the power of the former
conditions with a third power added--that of sensation. At birth man enters the
Human kingdom. This progression is only by the power of God in matter. The seed
of the child grows by the power of God into the human being, just as the seed grows
into the tree by the power of the sun. The human being has the powers of all the
other conditions, and has reached the point opposite and farthest from God; has passed
through all the material condition of the circle by the hidden power of God." Man
is now ready to begin ascending the scale of spiritual life. "The soul starts from
God, and if it enters the spiritual realms, it may return to God."
"There are three births of man: first, the material; second, to be born of water,
or the Truth and Knowledge of God; and third, to be born of the Spirit. To
be born of the Spirit is to give up material desires, and to take on all the qualities of
God, and thus he begins to ascend the other side of the circle. The spiritual half has
an indefinite number of conditions, but always progressing upwards." has
applied a new light to -the. torch of Truth, so thatman may see how toil-ive the true
Christian life; how to gain victory 0ve1' egotism by sacrifice and servitude.
We hold that there are two distinct phases of optimism. One is based on the assump-
tion of conditions, which the objective mind has first conceived and pictured, as it were,
on the walls of the subjective mind. By holding this thought or picture without
wavering, we may possibly bring things to pass. We may brighten our own paths by
happy, cheerful thoughts, and help uplift others who are in negative states of' mind.
But this _efl'ort must be diligently continued, for all depends upon our own power to hold
the pictures formed.
The other kind of optimism is wholly based on the spiritual mind. It comes by a
calm and absolute trust in the power of God to bring to pass all things for our highest
good, whatever the seeming may be. Circumstances and environments cannot destroy
it. Our good may often come through severe tests and trials, so that it may not appear
as such on the face of it, but by faith in the power and promises of God to do all
things, the silver lining of every cloud is made visible, and one is enabled to obey
His command, given through to "Cheer up thy heart with delight, that
thou mayst be fitted to meet Me a11d become a mirror of My beauty."

