10 STAR OF THE WEST
followed in teaching this great faith in the World. is making the spiritual life of
possible, and bringing it Within the reach of the people.
While there have been three teachers in this Cause, is the central figure,
about Whom the other tworevolve. It is from his name, Baha, that the Movement takes
its name. The Bab and his Movement were but introductory to, While Abdul-Baha and
his Work are explanatory of, the Bahai Movement.
This religious teaching is brief and simple. Each of the founders of the great religious
systems of the World is looked upon as having been inspired by the one spirit of truth,
which is God. The form and letter of the teachings of these various leaders differ because
of the differing conditions of humanity to which theyministered, but in spirit each taught
the Fatherhood of God and the brotherhood of Man. In the various religions the funda-
mental truths are one and the same.
Moreover, each of the prophets taught of the coming of a great teacher, and of the
establishment of a Universal Religion. The Jews await the coming of their Messiah, the
Christians the coming of the Christ, the Moslems the coming of the Mahdi, the Buddhists
the coming of the fifth Buddha, the Zoroastrians the coming of Shah Bahram, and the
Hindus the return of Krishna.
The Bahais teach that the spirit of these promised teachers is one and the same, and
they believe that in was manifested again this one spirit of truth, The Word
of God. Therefore in his mission and teaching he has accomplished the hopes of the
peoples of all religions. They believe that he was spiritually endowed with the wisdom
and understanding necessary to found a new form of religion, applicable to the needs of
this day, one which will embrace Within its fold people of all races and religions, uniting
them in one human brotherhood.
The Bahai teaching is in no sense an eclectic philosophy. It is not a theology, nor
does it put forward doctrine or dogma. It is essentially a religious faith.' It seeks to
change man's nature not by enforcing upon him laws from Without, but by developing the
higher nature of the individual from within.
Among the Moslems the Bahai teaching has had a phenomenal spread. The several
recent progressive changes in the Islamic World in Persia have only been made possible
through the introduction into that country of such progressive thought, and freedom from
the superstitions of the past, as the Bahai Movement stands for and takes 'With it Wherever
it goes. The progressive Moslem finds the Bahai teaching to be quite in accord with the
spirit of the Koran and he accepts it  a new testament added thereto.
In like manner the Jew sees in this movement the fulfillment of the hope of the
Millennial age held out to him in his Bible and realizing this he finds himself at one with
the Moslem and the Christian.
In going farther into the Orient one finds staunch Bahais among the remnant of the
ancient Zoroastrian faith. These received this message and believed its principles because
in their ancient holy literature they find hidden away its simple truths.
Thinking Hindus are also being reached by the Bahai thought, and through its positive
principle of action and service in bettering humanity they are Working to free themselves
from superstition and caste. Thus they are in sympathy with the progress of the World
along material and spiritual lines together, Whereas formerly their progress was limited
because of the negative phase in which Hinduism has been during so many centuries.
The enlightened believer in Gautama, the Buddha, finds in his own teaching the
promise of peace and universal brotherhood on earth which makes it easy for him to detect
and recognize the fulfilment of the same in the Bahai Movement. To the Buddhist, there-
fore, the idea, of this movement for the readjustment of conditions and the estab-
lishment of peace, is a Welcome one.
Of all people, none have taken up the Bahai teaching with more fervor than those scat-
tered here and there, Where. this message has reached, throughout Christendom. To them
it fulfils and accomplishes the hopes of Christianity and they are taking hold of the teach~

