STAR OF THE WEST 11
"She spreads her Wings at the moment of his fall, swoops down underneath him,
catches him on her opened pinions and bears him up again to the spot he has left--
or some other--and gives him time to recover his nerve before-the next descent.
'She spreadeth abroad her wings, taketh them, be-areth them on her wings.'
Before lon.g the young eaglet, growing bolder and stronger every day, knows enough
to trust to his own and he does it.
"Henceforth the whole glorious world is open to merely a square yard
of rock--and he is equally at home in every part of it.
"The unknown Old Testament poet, who gave us this fine piece of description
which we have been considering, was evidently well acquainted with the habits of
the feathered creation, and had often watched this thrilling performance going on
among those birds of prey which we not unfitly term the 'monarchs of the air.' 
He applied this, first, to the Children of Israel, who were indeed a chosen people,
but not chosen in the sense that they came to regard themselves. They believed
themselves to be the recipients of God's bounty and mercy to the exclusion of all other
peoples. They were I-Iis people and -all others were outside. As a matter of fact they
were chosen to- be the nest of the coming Christ and His heralds to all nations. What
a glorious panorama unfolds itself before our eyes as we contemplate what they might
have been if they had accepted His Message and given it to the world! Again, Israel
insisted that Jerusalem was the Holy City and on Mount Zion alone, and in no other
place, was God to be worshiped. The words of Jesus on this point were spoken to the
woman of Samaria (St. John "the hour cometh when ye shall neither in this
mountain, nor yet at Jerusalem, worship the Father. But the hour cometh, and
now is, when the true worshipers shall worship the Father in spirit and in truth."
So God tore up the nest and scattered the young, but the time has come when He
"taketh them, beareth them on His wings."
He then -applied the text to the individual, in the following words:
"And to what a felicitous use he puts it! He compares>> the whole process to God's
care of His children; particularly, of course, the children of Israel. Israel had had no
easy time.
"You are like young eaglets fluttering their wings without dreaming of the heights
and depths to which these wings will presently carry them. There is something greater
in every Christ-like deed than its immediate object is worth. You instinctively ac-
knowledge this and afiirm it when you pay your tribute of honor and reverence to
the strong man who stands aside when some ship is going down in order that some
invalid woman may take his place in the lifeboat. From the merely utilitarian point
of view it would be better to save the man, for he could be of more use in the world
than the apparently helpless individual for whom he sacrifices his life. But some-
how that is not how you measure the deed. You feel there is something deeper in
it, something grander than the immediate occasion thereof.
"But our danger is that we lose sight of this. We trust material things as ends
in themselves; we become conformed to this world; we battle hard for our ledge and
our nest; full of dread lest the support should be taken from us.
"And then what does God do? He shatters your little bit of false security and
flings you out upon the void.
"Before He do-es that, He flutters over you--that is, He presents your own spir-
itual possibilities to you in various forms.
"In the end He compels you to abandon your poor, narrow outlook and trust your-
self to the amp-ler range of divine opportunity.
"Again and again you seem to be falling straight to destruction, your spiritual
reserves are not strong enough to save you, your wings of faith are not strong enough
to bear you up!

