6 S1U4R OF TTYE 
H-e was frequently urged, in acco-rdance with ous-tom, to take a second
wife, the more so that he has n.o heir; but he is a be-liever in monogamy, and says
that if it h-a.d been God'-s will that he should leave a son the two born to him would
not have been taken away.
I happened to be in the room. whe-n Rev. R. J. C-ampb-ell was anno-unced. There
were also present several E-nglish ladies, Mr. Dreyfus-Barney (who kindly acted as
inte-rpreter), Tamaddon-ul-Molk (Abdul Baha's secretary), an elderly Persian scribe
who sat like a statute taking notes of the Mas-ter's words, and another Persian gen-
tleman--a1together a picturesque mingling of East and West.
MEETING BETWEEN ABDUL BAHA AND Mn. CAMPBELL.
Immediately Mr. C-amipbell entered the room Abdul Baha rose from his chair and
advanced to meet him with smiling face and arms extended. The elder man grasped
both the hands of the younger, and, re-taining them, warmly greeted him. His ex-
pression and n1-anner showed that he regarded the occasion as no- ordinary one.
Standing face to face, 1-inked hand in hand, in the centre of the room, these two
spiritual leaders of world-wide and Western, but essentially one in
their outlook on life--formed an impres-sive picture that is st-amped indelibly on the
mind's -of all who we-re privileged to be present. The meeting was so remarkable
that I ventured to take notes of the conversation (co-nducted through an inte-rpreter),
and here reproduce them. It should be mentioned that the was quite
unpremeditated. Neither speaker was aware that his words were being recorded. The
conversation was private, and permission to publish was given with reluctance.
Abdul Baha first inquired after Mr. C'ampb-ell's health, and said he had been
very anxious to meet him. The conversation then proceeded as fo-llo-ws:--
R. J. Campbell: I have lo-ng looked forward to this opportunity.
Abdul Baha: That is proof that b-o-th our hearts are at one.
R. J. C.: I think that is true.
A. B.: There is a Persian sa.ying that hearts that are at one find their way to
one another.
R. J. (3.: I do not think that saying is peculiar to Persia.
A. B.: Often two people live in the same house in constant intimacy, but their
hearts are no-t united. Here are two men, on-e living in the East and. one in London,
whose hearts were coming to meet one another long ago. Although in the material
world we were far -apart, we have always been near in the spiritual wo-rld. T'he real
nearness is the nearness of the heart, not of the body.
R. J. CL: The -spirit knows no nationality.
A. B.: Praise be to God that now there is be-tween us a material as well as a
spiritual tie, the union is perfectglad that you took the r"es01u*tion to co-me to England, even
though you can rem-ain only a short time.
A. B.: From the time I left Egypt my purpose was to come here, but I remained
a few days o-n the Lake of Geneva for change of air".
R. J. I know many of your friends who are also mine.
I have read your -sermons and s-peec-hes.
And I have read yioiurs.
T'hat is a proof of un'ity. As I have read your sermons (with a humo-rous
smi have to read mine.
I see on my left on-e who lras spoken from my pulpit (Tamadde-n-u1-
assess

Molk
A. B.: We are all friends of one another (hands raised as in benediction). We
have spread the proclamation of universal peace, therefor-e we are friends. of people
azll over the world. We have no enemies; there are n-0 o-utsiders; we are all servants
of one G-od.
R. J. 0.: That is good.
A. B.: W0-rshippers of one God, we are recipients of the graces of one God.
Men h-ave made differences and divis-ions; God did not establish the-m.. G-od has
created every one, and treats every one equally. He is merciful to all and gives food
(lit. to all. God knows every on-e. T'o him none is a foreigner. We must
follow his example.
R. J. 0.: What is distinctive of the Bahai movement as compared with the faith
out of which it came?
A. B.: The Ba.-b foretold the com-ing of One after him who would address the
whole world. We are the followers of that One--B1aha'u'1lah. When he manifested
himself, some of the followers of the Bab did not receive him. Those are called

