STAR WEST 11
whom both derive their teaching, was shouted down by the patriot Pharisees of eru-
salem.
But to Christians, at all events, and English Christians in particular, Abbas
E1'fendi's return on the present occasion should arouse a real interest. He returns
from a remarkable visit to London and Paris, from conferences with the leaders of
religious thought in England and France, from addressing vast audiences at the City
Temple and elsewhere, on all of which occasions his personal triumph has been strik-
ing and complete. No one who has had the privilege of meeting and conversing with
the Bahai leader can be surprised at this, and it needs but little imagination to be
impressed by the dramatic picture of this venerable Oriental in his white robes speak-
ing to crowded c-ongregations of London "City In-en," e~XpO1111dl11g in the Persian lan-
guage- those "high ideals of love, charity and compassion," which, as Mrs. Stannard
remarks, Western Christians have been too apt to regard as their own special preroga-
tives. Such scenes were reported at length by our London contemporaries and re-
produced from time to time in these columns during last summer. Yet we mast
frankly admit that to as thisis the least attractive side of the Bahai movement. If
Bahaism has found favour in the United States it cannot be forgotten. that conntless
other "religions" have become popular there which would not have been taken serious-
ly in any other country in the world. About the London meetings, also, there was a
certain air of gush and self-ad'uertisement--n0t_ on the part of Abbas Effendi, but on
the part of his enlightened friends--which was quite patent to all who are familiar
with that kind of religion which will listen to anything so long as it is anorthodosc,
new, sensational. We cannot help regretting the "Iionizing" of Abbas Effendi. ln the
East his religion will find its true home and exercise its beneficent influence upon
nations newly awakening to a sense of their unity and power. We can, then, the
more heartily welc-ome him back to Egypt, fresh from achievements in the Western
capitals which have afiorded yet another proof of his remarkable personal and' intel-
lectual powers.
The criticism of the 'li0nizing" of Abdul-Baha should be received in the
same kindly spirit in which it is made. In justice, however, to the friends in
England, We quote the following extracts from a letter Written by Mr. Tudor-
Pole, of Bristol, to the STAR or THE 
Since Abdul-Baha. arrived in England and especially since he was my guest
here, I have had some special opportunities for communion which have proved of im-
mense service to me and to others. There are one or two points of considerable mo-
ment that have beenborne in upon me as a result -and in communicating them to you
it should be understood that I do so Ion own initiative and that the suggestions
I make are not at the direct -suggestion oi' Abdul-Baha himself. He is a most re-
markable figure in history and his love and wisdom are boundless, yet of course he
is simply the servant -of his Father who was undoubtedly a great Messenger of God,
and Abdul-Baha claims no other distinction. There seems a tendency in
America and elsewhere to focus too great attention on Abdul-Baha rather than upon
the Manifestation Itself. Abdul-Baha, I can see, does not wish for -references
to himself save as the servant of God, the inspired exponent of his Father's great
message. To idolise Abdul-Baha in exaggerated terms or forms is to delay the spread
of the Bahai spirit of Unity. We are wonderfully blessed to have him among
us, but imagination, exaggerated emphasis must not be laid upon his personality or
the whole movement will suffer. This is a matter of supreme import.
In our opinion, this "lionizing" and "idolizing" of great souls is most
natural. Hero Worship and adoration of personalities seemed necessary and

