2 STAR OF THE WEST
MISS LILLIAN KAPPES ARRIVES IN PERSIA.
Letter received by Mr. D. D. Babcoelc, Seattle, Wash.
FABMAN FAR-MAE, TEI-IERAN, Dec. 19, 1911.
Dear brother in EL-ABHAI
Plraise God! through your unceasing, untiring efforts and assistance, it became
possible for me to follow the behest of Abdul-Baha, to enjoy the blessed privilege of
the visit to Thonon and finally to arrive in safety at my destination. Many con-
flicting reports started Miss 'Stewart and me ofi rather hurriedly in the efiort to
meet Abdul-Baha at the Race's Congress in London, though we eventually spent one
month the-re in the daily -hope of his arrival. After writing and cabling and much
uncertainty, word came to Tammadon-ul-Mlolk, his interpreter, who was in the same
house with us, and Miss Juliet Thompson, of New York, who lodged next door, to
proceed to Geneva, Switzerland. In two days Miss Stewart and I were telegraphed
for and procee-ded to Thonon on the French side of Lake Geneva, the incomparable,
doubly beautiful for his presence there. Ignorant of the point of our debarkation,
I was admiring, from the lake steamer, an exquisite, ethereal looking range of moun-
tains, rising as if from the heavenly deeps, and as our bo-at drew nearer, a sweet,
peaceful looking village was disclosed at their very to our great astonish-
ment we found ourselves at Thonon. Though we did not know it, Abdul-Baha was
at that moment abroad on the lake with M. and Mme. Dreyfus-Barney, Juliet Thomp-
son, Mirza Raflie and several Orientals, and when, after resting, six hours later we
were greeted and called to meet him, and I told him of what I called my dream moun-
tains, those self-same hills now forming a background for him as he sat at the window
of Mirza Assad 'Ullah's room, he said: "Sometimes the heart sees what the eyes
cannot see." Th-en, "If it were not for the Cause of we would never
have have known each would not be here." We were there
two days, and, with many to see him, our interviews were perforce short though
both evenings, at dinner, we sa.t opposite him at the same- table. The first evening
he told several humorous stories, but the second all his talk was po-inted to us and
of the Kingdom. He iterated and reiterated: am sending you to- Persia that you
may serve in Persia, so that all the friends and all the people will praise you." That
we must always be uni-ted -in all things, to be no cause of discord, to love all the
people -alike. That We would meet many hardships and trials.
One of his last messages was to you, for when I told him about your unceasing
efiorts on my behalf and of the fire of your enthusiasm and courage, he sent his af-
fectionate greetings to Mr. Ba-bicock. To say to him he had done well--~very well
that Abdul-Baha was pleased with him. After I gave him greetings
from the Seattle Assembly, he said: will see you again in the Kingdom of Heav-
en." When I asked him to be healed physically -and spiritually to serve in the Cause
of God, he smiled and said, the while we sat at his feet: "God willing, you will
be healed-you must keep your thoughts and heart pure." When he dismissed us
he said he would see us again to say "good-bye." What he had said of you touched
me as nothing else did and I wept and wept, for it was the "Well done, thou
good and faithful servant." I thought I should be completely satisfied if he ever
said that of me. It was to me the epitome of approval. Rejoice! Rejoice! that in
this Glorious Day it has been said of you. May your goodness increase!
We went out with: am sending you forth as Jacob sent Joseph of old"-and
I could say nothing. but, "Ya Baha-ul-ABBA! Ya echoing it back
and repeating while he held us fast at either hand going forward toward the doorway.
And so we went forth.
In Vienna we awaited our trunks and Mirza Ratfie who had been instructed to
(CONTINUED on PAGE 

