STAR OF THE WEST 5
Men are fighting now, for what? For the ground, our sepulchre, our tomb, our
cemetery!
The earth is the first and lowest of terrestrial things created by the Divine
Wil1-and it is our tomb, our sepulchre, our cemetery; our death, not our 
and these men are fighting not for liberty or -an ideal, but for ground, for the
place of death not life, for a sepulchre, a tomb, a cemetery!
Go-d has never forgotten the world, and no matter how black have been its
conditions, there have always been societies established for the cherishing of love
and equality and fraternity.
You -are a people banded together to increase friendship among nations and
races and brotherhood among men. So now, while these men are creating death,
you think life, while they are guilty of cruelty, you think tenderness, while they
make destruction, you think construction, while they create war, you think peace.
We must hope, we must not desp-air. We must look forward to the time when
war and dissension will disappear, when love and unity will reign, and the light
of God will shine upon all banners and into all hearts, and unite them to one
another and to Him.
THE EARTH IS eon's.
There has been another battle today and much blood has been shed. The poor
have given their lives as a sacrifice to the greed of others. Men are fighting for
the earth--for it belongs to no one but God. Kings have fought for it
from Charlemagne to Napoleon I, yet they had no right to it. One fought wrong-
fully to wrest it from another who wrongfully possessed it. All people are merely
tenants of God upon the land, yet nevertheless empires have disappeared in the
struggle for its possession, and again men are shedding blood for the ownership
of mere land.
While man might become a centre for good, for amity, he fights like fero-
cious beasts for the right to land.
God wishes man to establish just equality, not to transgress laws, to help one
another and live together in love. Do what God asks, be the cause of unity and
out the horrors of war and hatred!
Be ye capable of all good, eager to work for the cause of unity and peace, sac-
rificing all for this. Be eager to suffer for such a.n end. Forget yourself, forget
personal danger, personal evil and inconvenience. Have no fear of evil to yourself
in the great cause of unity and peace. B-e dissolved in love, so that you may lose
consciousness of everything except the good of all.
LOVE.
I met a man this morning who belongs to the sect of Buddhists and I said to
him, "What is your message?" He replied "Z'Amom', Love!" I said, "Yes, but
what besides that?" He repeated, "Love, that is all, that is the only message."
But the word Love is not a message; the word Love indie-ates an infinite thing,
and how shall we bring an infinite thing into relation with humanity which is
finite?
There are in "reality many kinds of love, and each in itself is infinite and
finite. There is the love of country, or the patriotic love, there is the family love,
there is the love of friendship, the love of man and one is finite and
limlited. There is only one love which is infinite and unlimited and divine, and
that is the love which oomes with the Breath of the Holy Love of
God--which breaks all barriers and sweeps all before it.
Animals are completely subject to nature, they are its slaves. They live and

