STAR OF THE WEST 9
place where criminals and political suspects lived but a short time; however, when
the Prisoner of the Love of God, blessed this disease-ridden town, God
ch.anged disease with ease, fresh salubrious water was conveyed to- the city; in short,
the climate was changed, and the surrounding desert is today a veritable garden.
Here, for over a quarter of a century, was oc.cupied with the giving
of teachings which underlie this great B-ahai Movement. His books are many and
contain solutions of the many problems pertaining to- man's welfare and salvation.
He has answered the questions of all who have sought the truth of God and who
today are longing for the knowledge of God. Before His departure, which occurred
in May, 1892, He enjoined upon His followers the C'ove=nant of God, whose Center He
declared was His blessed son, Abdul-Baha, the p-resent leader of the Movement. He
commanded all who seek guidance in the Kingdom and interpretation of any of the
Holy Wlritings-, to turn to him. And so today, .fo-r spiritual light we look to the
Servant of Baha, which is the meaning of his n-ame. was the founder
of the Great World Religion, and Abdul-Baha is the promulgator of it.
Now let us touch on the fundamental te-aching of this movement. A teaching
which makes unity possible in the world. He says: "Oneness in its' true significance,
means that God alone should be realized as the one power which aniinates and dom>>
inates all things, which are but manifestations of its energy." This one power has
from time to time manifested itself through chosen instruments called the Prophets,
to various peoples at Various times. These prophets are considered to be bearers of
the same Message, Manifestations of the same Light, therefore, they are one and the
leaders o-f the One God.
They prepared the peoples of the world for the latter days when this Oneness
would find fulfillment and all men would become in reality brothers. The Bahais
declare that this is the latter day, that through all people are- to be
united. . . . . The human race has been hindered from union through three
racial, and patriotic. When the Oneness of God is realized
and the solidarity of the human family is well understood, these prejudices will be
dispelled from the hearts of men. The W-ords of are the remedies which
alone can cure human ills. He says, "Ye are all leaves of one tree and drops of one
sea!" Again He says, "Associate with inen of all religions with love and fragrance,
fellowship is the cause of unity, and unity is the source of order in the world." This
one admonition would remove forever religious prejudices if it be carried out. "This
handful of dust, the world, is one home, let it be in unity" is the basis of interna-
tional patriotism, which can replace limited patriotic prejudice.
In regard to racial prejudice, which has separated man from man, this is His
"Hidden Word" which has already united representatives of many races. sons
of men! Do ye hnlow why we ha/ve created ye from the same clay: that no man
should glorify himself above another, for ye must be as one soul, lining in many
bodies, in the one land," etc. The world is interdependant, what affects one part of it
will necessarily affect another. If one part of the body suffer, the entire sensorium
is and even so is it with the world, if one portion of the social fabric sulfer,
the entire body politic is afflicted. Thus it is that the Bahai Movement is to unite
the World; though religious in nature, yet its laws govern social, industrial, and
economic states and conditions. And it has already united many people of diverse
nations and religions. 
Large photographs of Abdul-Baha, taken during his recent visit to England,
may be obtained from Mrs. M. Thornburgh-Cropper, 31 Evelyn Mansions, Car-
lisle Place, Westminster, London. Price, 50 cents.

