STAR OF THE IVEST 13
Monmnc 2, 1911.
The Unity sang the by Mrs. Waite, "His Glorious Sun has Risen."
The Chairman led the Convention in the following prayer:
my God! my God! Unite the hearts of Thy servants and reveal to them Thy
Great Purpose. May they follow Thy Commandments and abide in Thy law. Help them,
God, in their endeavor, and grant them strength to serve Thee. God, leave them not
to themselves, but guide their steps by the light of Knowledge and cheer their hearts by
Thy Love. Verily Thou art their'Helper and their Lord!
Report from. Committee on Publications:
"The Committee advises that this Convention recommend to the incoming Executive
Board, if Ways and means become available, that they establish an oifice or distributing
place in Chicago in charge of an efficient assistant, or assistants, to both recording and
up.'
ADVANCE GUARD OF THE NEW CONDITIONS
Nearly completed concrete bridge which, at the northwestern' front of the Mashrak-el--A2kar site, carries
the beautiful Sheridan Drive across the canal intake. This bridge has clicted warm commenda-
tion from art critics as a pioneer example of the new architecture rendered possible
by that quality of plasticity which is among the leading merits of the
world's latest and best building material reinforced concrete.
financial secretaries of the Unity, who, in connection with assisting such secretaries, shall,
at the same time conduct a sales and distributing agency for Bahai literature.
"That the Executive Board in such work incur no other obligation or liability but
that of gathering, distributing, selling and accounting for such literature; that, after
defraying the necessary expenses of such agency, the profits, if any, shall go to the Temple
treasury."
On motion duly seconded, the report and recommendation was unanimously adopted.
Mr. Hall offered the following 'resolution:
Resolved, That the Bahai friends in this Convention recognize the immediate necessity
of laying a foundation for the due and fitting publication of Bahai Teachings in America
under the fostering aid of a General Bahai Publishing Board. We hereby address to the
Bahai Friends assembled, and those throughout America, the appeal that they proceed
forthwith to form a Publication Unity to afiiliate and co-operate in this work with this
Temple Unity. That such Publication Unity make its especial work the accumulation of
a suflicient fund and the assembling and direction of agencies for translating, revising,

