12 STAR OF THE WEST
"But just when everything seems lost you find the broad pinions of God outspread
beneath you and you are being borne heavenward again.
"You have even been the subject of some of God's mighty delive-rances without
realizing it.
"You have seen destruction rushing upon you, know not how--it never
reached you. It never hurt you. The very thing you have dreaded in sorrow has
somehow turned out to be harmless.
"The wings of God have intervened and saved you from its menace. Will you
not look at life with wiser eyes and see what it is that has so often come between you
and impending evil?
"See who it is that has- been teaching you the franchise of the soul. Rise, child
of the highest, rise and soar! E'ternity is before yo-u."
 a
A GLIMPSE OF ABDUL-BAI-IA IN PARIS.
(CONTINUED FROM PAGE 
I was often obliged to quiet before Abdul-Baha entered the hall. But after
he came they never moved nor spoke and when he passed out they fell over
each other in their great desire to have him take their hands.
Outside the door stood Mons. Pons-onaille, and Abdul-Baha, putting his
hand inside his gown, took out many gold pieces and gave to him as he bade
him good-bye. He walked down the street toward the carriage so quickly
that our little party was at least twenty fe-et behind. Oh! what a sight. In
every doorway and window were people--and such people! A very poor man
heldi the carriage door open as Abdul-Baha entered with his little party, Mons.
and Madam Dreyfus-Barney and Tammadon-ul-Molk. The crowd were fight-
ing and calling names but a gendartme and Mons. De Scott protected us as we
passed on safely.
So ended a never-to-be-forgotten day, having seen Abdul-Baha among
the children of the poor of the streets of Paris and I thought again of the light
I saw twice on Fridays in Acca and wondered if they were missing him and
longing for his return and loving help. The thought comes to me now of
what the world's poverty will be after his departure and to us who have been
fed from his hand on the Bread of Life.
MISS LILLIAN ARRIVES IN PE-RSIA.
(courmunn FROM PAGE Two)
meet and travel forward with us into Persia. After a few days the-re, we were de-
lighted to meet Dr. Arastou Hakim, the brother o-f Lotfullah who started toward
America with Ghodsia and who is now in London, Chua Ahmadoff and Hussein
Ahmadoff, both of Tiflis, who-m We had met in 'I"hono-n -and who wished to join us.
Chua Ahmadoff knew Russian as well as Persian -a.nd Turkish, so our travel was
much facilitated and his kindness unremitting until our arrival in Baku. There we
were entertained in the Bahai Hospice and met, during our two days' stay, hundreds
of dear brothers coming and going all day.
Again in Re-sht and 'Khazvin, we were met and entertained and on our arrival
here the excitement was great indeed. After the first week of almost incessant call-
ing or meeting of friends at special gatherings, I began my work in the main boys'

