6 STAR OF THE WEST
happiness. Alloyed gold, subjected to the fire, portrays its baseness, While
the intensity of the flame enhances the beauty of pure gold. Therefore, tests
to the Weak souls are calamity and to the veiled ones the cause of their dis-
grace and humiliation. The point is this, that in the path of Truth every
difficulty is made plain and every trial is the matchless bounty. Therefore,
the believers of God and the maid-servants of the Merciful must not relax
during trial and no disaster must deter their service in the Cause of
God. 
You have Written that upon your return you have compiled Whatever
you saw and heard (at Acca) and you have received the invisible assistance,
that the teachings, which Were like invisible seeds, have- sprung to life and
verdancy, spreading branches and leaves and producing blossoms and fruit.
Indeed What you have Written is true.
His honor Mr. Chase is a blessed soul, good and pure. He is engaged in
the service of the Cause and is a herald of the True One. Ere long he Will be
assisted with great confirmation.
You have asked regarding the influence of evil spirits. Evil spirits are
deprived of Eternal Life. How, then, can they exercise any influence? But
as Eternal Life is ordained for holy spirits, therefore their influence exists
in all the divine Worlds.
At-the time you were here, this question was accordingly answered, that
after the ascension of the godly souls, great influence and Wide-spreading
bounties are destined for them, and all encircling signs in the seen and un-
seen are decreed for them.
When the souls leave the bodies they do not assume elemental bodies.
Whatever man thinks regarding this is but his own imagination.
When man desires help and communication from holy souls, he puts him-
self in a condition of self-unconsciousness and becomes submerged in a sea
of meditation; then a spiritual state, which is sanctified from matter and all
material things, becomes visible and apparent to him. Then he thinks he be-
holds a form. Its appearance is. like unto a vision.
Man beholds in the World of vision various images, communicates with
them and receives benefits, and in that World of vision he thinks they are
physical temples and material bodies, while they are purely immaterial.
Briefly, the reality of the soul is sanctified and purified above matter
and material things, but, like unto the world of vision, it manifests itself in
these material forms and visages. Likewise in the condition, one
beholds the spirits like unto the physical forms and visages.
To be brief, the holy souls have great influence and intense effect, and
their influence and continuity do not depend upon physical existence and ele-
mental composition.
Ponder ye, that during sleep the human body and the five physical senses,
viz., sight, smell, taste, hearing and touch are passive, i. all physical forces
are inactive. Notwithstanding this, human reality has spiritual life and the

