10 STAR OF THE WEST
"During the year all conveyances and legal steps have been consummated by which
the streets and alleys embraced in the Temple site have been vacated and title vested in
the Temple Unity. The direction line of Sheridan Road has been changed, the boundary
lines of the s_1te enlarged and made more symmetrical, and the pending negotiations be-
tween the Unity and the Village Board of Wilmette and the Drainage Board of the San-
itary District of Cook County have been carried forward to favorable conclusions. The
order of the Village Board for a sidewalk about the site, which would have required a thou-
sand dollars to construct, has been considerably postponed after a conference with the
Village Board. This will save the waste and inconvenience of constructing permanent
sidewalk before grading a.nd other work upon the site is further advanced. We acknowl-
edge most considerate and fair treatment from the oificers of the Village Board.
"The appeal to the friends for funds has brought generous response, so that all of
our obligations have been met and our immediate needs supplied. In anticipation that
we might not have sufiicient money to meet the maturing payment upon the site, Mrs.
Goodall generously advanced $2,000.00, but when the payment fell due our treasury was
]er1'e%a1igd to meet the payment and it was not necessary to use the generous loan from Mrs.
oo a .
"She has generously replaced that money in the treasury to be used in acquiring
additional land as soon as we may do so upon fair terms.
A fisherman who moved a hut upon our site, and whose presence occasioned some
solicitude, lest his purpose was to acquire squatter's rights, has disavowed such purpose and
has been allowed to remain as our tenant by agreement of lease.
"It is desirable that we obtain ownership or control of the lots lying to the east of
Sheridan Road and between the site and the lake shore. We are not yet in suflicient funds
to warrant undertaking the purchase of these lots and the price has thus far been
excessive. We hope to be'_able to acquire these lots, simply to control the outlook, at
reasonable terms, during the coming year. If this cannot be done we hope to interest the
officers of the Village of Wilmette in the project of acquiring these lots for public use and
for park purposes. Our only purpose in acquiring them would be to devote them wholly
to public use without restriction, and if the price set upon them by the owners prohibits
us from doing this work we shall gladly unite with public officers seeking to serve the
public welfare by acquiring the lands for the same public use.
"Our attorney, Mr. I. T. Greenacre, has rendered much painstaking work for the
Unity during the past year. The title to our site and all legal matters in conection with
it have had his constant care. The year has been one of preparation; harmony and the
fullest co-operation have existed in all the work. With new zeal we must now complete
the purchase by the prompt payment of all the remaining debt on the site, protect our
present site against obstruction at the East and begin the gathering of funds for the
early commencement of work upon the Temple Building."
Mrs. True, financial secretary, presented the following report:
"Total amount received from beginning of the fiscal year to April 29, 1911, 
401.59. This amount was received from ninety-nine difierent cities.* Last year contribu-
tions were received from sixty difierent cities.
'When Mr. Bemey and Mr. Struven reached Acca in their trip around the world, Abdul-
Baha gave Mr. Remy a sum of money in gold pieces to spend for his comfort in traveling
from Acca to America. Upon his arrival in this country Mr. Remey, who had carefully
guarded Abdul Baha_'s gift, sent the gold pieces to Chicago for the Mashrak-el-Azkar. The
friends throughout the country, desiring to possess the coins, purchased them at five
dollars apiece, thus retaining them as souvenirs and netting the fund $100.00."
liq
*Alaba'ma: Fairhope. California: Bakersfield, Glendale, Los Angeles, Oakland, Pasa-
dena, San Francisco, Tropico. Colorado: Denver. Connecticut: Mansfield Center, New
Haven. District of 'Columbia: Washington. Florida: Fernandina, Quay.' Idaho: Lewiston,
Tahoe. Illinois: Chicago, Clyde, Dixon,.Hartland, Harvard, Moline, Rockford, Western
Springs. Kansas: Enterprise. M'ai/no: Kittery. Maryland: Baltimore, Silver Springs.
M'assaolwsetls: Boston, Malden, North Adams, Westfield. Bangor, Fruitport,
Goblesville, Grand Rapids, Muskegon, Provemont. Minnesota: Minneapolis, New York
Mills, St. Paul. Mississippi: Waveland. Missouri: St. Louis. Montana: Anaconda.
New ersey: Atlantic City, Bayonne, Dumont, East Orange, Englewood, Fanwood, Jersey
City, Montelair, _Newark. New York: Brooklyn, Buifalo, Clinton, Cortland, Hudson,
Ithaca, ohnstown, New York City, North Hudson, Oswego, Pavilion, Utica. Ohio: Akron,
Cincinnati, Cleveland. Oregon: Portland. Philadelphia, Pittsburg. Utah:
Salt Lake City. Vermont: Newport. Virginia: Hanover, Sumerduck. Washington:
Clarkston, Omak, Seattle, Spokane, Tacoma, Turk, Walla Walla. Wisconsin: Geneva Lake,
Genoa Junction, Kenosha, Milwaukee, Racine, Thorpe. Hawaiian Islands: Honolulu.
Canada: Montreal, Winnipeg. England: Brighton (Sussex), Cornwall. France." Dinan
(Brittany), Paris. Germany: Berlin, Stuttgart. Persia: Teheran. Syria: Haifa.

