STAR OF THE WEST 7
miserably poor, dear little one-s gathered there, and as my ears caught the
music of their voices (for they were singing), tea.rs filled my eyes and a great
lump choked me. Then I looked and saw we were but a half dozen who had
come as guests, and all, like myself, were deeply affected. It was Madam
Ponsonaille, a woman with a strong, kind and most intelligent face, who
evidently had taught the children to sing and who with her whole heart was
leading and keeping time for the-m, for they had no instrument. After the
song Mons. Ponsonaille read a Tablet sent by the Master, for he called Abdul-
Baha "The Master," and it is quite evident that they all know him as the
Master. Mons. Ponsonaille, who has a delicate, m-ost refined face--that of a
gentleman in its fullest sense--talked for a time; they sang again, and then
all their little heads were turned towards the entrance and it was evident
that their hearts were full of expectancy and they longed to see the One who
had promised to come to visit them. The -oldest of these children were not
over fifteen--from that down to babies in the ages and kinds,
clothed cleanly in clothes that had no fit, or were misfits rather.
At last there was a silence. Then all arose to their feet as Abdul~Baha
quickly entered and Walked up the narrow center passage to the front and
stood. Mons. Dreyfus-Barney and Tammadon-ul-Molk took their places on the
side. Mons. Dreyfus-Barney acted as interpr"ete'r. Abdul-Baha said: am
very glad to be here with you. I am very glad to see you all here. I love
you very much. I have been in many beautiful houses, but this is more
beautiful to me than any of the others, for the spirit of the love of BAHA-
is here. You are all receiving the teachings of God and learning how
to act and live and some day you will be great and wise for having learned
the truth. I have seen many beautiful rich children, but to me you are more
beautiful, and I love you all (as Christ loved little children) here. Monsieur
and Madam Ponsonaille are your spiritual teachers. They give you food and
understanding eternal of God, while your parents are giving you your ma-
terial food and care for your bodies. You must love these good friends."
Turning to Monsieur and Madam Ponsonaille, he said: "This is a great
Work you are doing for the love of God in this great day, through the power
of Your station is great. Your names will go down through
all the ages. Kings and Queens ha.ve never been talked of and remembered
as you Will be. You are Workers in the Kingdom of ABHA and I am very
happy and love you very 1nuch." Then with his head upturned and the palms
of his hands upturned together, as if to receive in them the pouring down of
the Holy Spirit, he chanted a prayer and blessing, and coming down from
the small elevation, on which he was standing, to where the children were, all
crowded close around him, and laying his hands caressingly upon some of their
heads and taking the hands of others with a loving smile to all, with difficulty
he passed down the aisle to the door. Near me were some rough boys whom
(CONTINUED ON PAGE TWELVE)

