STAR OF THE WEST 7
spiritual powers are penetrative, and Wonderful disclosures are made in both
the East and the \Vest, and perchance one may discover some matters, which,
after a long time, may become apparent in the physical World. Therefore it
has become evident that the continuity and influence of the human reality
does no-t depend upon the physical instrumentality; nay, rather, the physical
body is an instrument over which the human spirit spreads a luminosity.
It is like unto the sun, which shining upon the mirror, causes its brilliancy,
and when the reflection is withdrawn from the mirror, it becomes dark.
Likewise, when the luminosity of the human spirt is withdrawn from the
body, that instrument becomes useless.
To be brief: Humanity consists of the spiritual reality, and that reality
is penetrative in all things and it is that reality which discovers the invisible
mysteries, and through that reality all sciences, arts and inventions become
known and manifest. Whatever thou beholdest of the works of man is but
a faint ray of that reality. It encircles all things and comprehends all things.
Reflect thou, that all these existent sciences, crafts, industries and arts
were at one time in the world of invisibility, unknown and unconcealed mys-
teries. As the spirit of man environs things, therefore he has- discovered
them and brought them from the unknown World into the arena of manifesta-
tion. Therefore it is evident and established that the human spirit is the dis-
coverer of things, the seer of things and the co-mprehender of things.
But regarding the progress of the spirit in the world of the Kingdom
after its ascension, it is wholly beyond space and time, and developments,
after leaving this body, are spiritual and not terrestrial. It is like unto the
progress of the child from the World of the foetus to the world of maturity
and intelligence, from the world of ignorance to the world of knowledge, from
the station of imperfection to the pinnacle of perfection.
As Divine Perfections are infinite, therefore. the progress of the spirit
is limitless.
Whatever the European and American historians have written regarding
His Highness Mohammed, the Messenger of God, most of it is falsehood.
Consider ye, is it possible for a person afflicted with epilepsy to estab-
lish such a great nation?
Therefore, this statement of the European historians, regarding that Holy
Personage, is unqualified falsehood.
Reflect that that illustrious Personage was born in the Sahara of
Arabia among the ignorant tent dwellers, affiliating and associating with them
until he grew to manhood and maturity, never studying the sciences and arts;
nay, even he was apparently illiterate and uninstructed. Notwithstanding
all this, he brought forth such a nation, established such a religion and uttered
such explanations regarding scientific questions with great perspicuity, and
raised such a. community from the nadir of ignorance and barbarism to the
zenith of civilization and prosperity! Through his influence, science, litera-
(CONTINUED ON PAGE SIXTEEN)

