10 STAR OF THE WEST
may be that some of the friends could send more, for even five- dollars might
cause hardship to some--but if every soul would send so-me offering-_in pro-
portion as God ha.s him (the widow 's mite- was the riche-st offering
in the Temple), we believe this mortgage could be cancelled and His arrival
would not find us asleep and our lamps without oil.
Executive Board.
VISIT OF REV. R. J. CAMPBELL TO AMERICA.
A cablegram from Ab dul-Baha, requesting the Bahais of America to show
every courtesy to the Rev. R. J. Campbell, of The City Temple, London, while
touring America, was responded to most heartily by the friends from the At-
lantic to the Pacific, who made every effort to hear and greet him.
'Ne pray that Mr. Campbell may go on preaching the gospel of the Christ
Spirit, so well illustrated in his sermon delivered in the First Congregational
Church at Pasadena, California?-the western terminus of his trip. We are
indebted to Mrs. Henrietta C. "Wagner, of that city, for the extracts presented
herewith. It was delivered Sunday morning, January 7th. took for his
text Deuteronomy 32:11, 12: "As an eagle stirreth up her nest, fiuttereth
over her young, sprea.deth abroad her wings, taketh them, bea.reth them on her
wings: So the Lord did lead him, and there was no strange god with him."
"You remember, of course, that an eagle's nest is usu-ally built on some ledge of
rock high up- among wild mountain crags, all but 
from above or below, except by the strong wing of these denizens of the upper air.
"The growing youngster cannot get away, nor does it want to get away. He is
quite content to sit where he is and be fed. He 'has no ambition to soar upwards
toward the sun or swoop down from its dizzy eminence into the dark valleys that lie
so far beneath his feet.
"So what does the mother do? She knows her ofispring ought not to stay there
forever. It would be no kindness to let him do so.
"The first thing she does, therefore, is to tear up the nest. This alone is an un-
comfortable proceeding, for the youngster who has hitherto occupied it.
"That is the first illusion in the elaborate metaphor which constitutes my 
'As as eagle stirreth up her nest.' You see now why she stirs it up--breaks it up,
in fact. It is be-cause its further tenancy would be a hindrance, an ignoble limitation,
to the expanding life she has reared in it.
"What comes next? She does her best to show her young one what wings are for.
She flies around him, hovers above him, circles 'round and 'round, before his eyes,
in order to tempt him if possible to essay his own p-owers and quit the needless se-
curity of that little hole in the cliff that has hitherto constituted his world.
"But he will not move; he is frightened. He feels utterly wretched without that
dirty old nest that he calls ho-me--so he just holds 0-n tight and sticks where he is.
"That is what is indicated in the text in the words, 'she fiuttereth over her young.'
But she soon gets tired of this. She finds it is of no use, for the fledgling will not
stir.
"So she deliberately drops down beside him and pushes him off his support.
Away he goes tumbling headlong into the awful void, shrieking and yelling and flap-
ping the little wings he has never tried to use before.
"Nor are they much use to him now. He would be smashed to pieces for certain,
but the mother has calculated quite well what to do.

