STAR OF THE WEST 
Whereas, The people of Persia are at this time engaged in a noble effort to establish
their new Constitutional Government upon a firm political, commercial and financial basis;
therefore, be it
Resolved, That this Conference favors, and will do all in its power to bring about closer
commercial and financial relations between Persia and the United States.
Whereas, The Persian Government asked for the appointment of a Commission of
financial advisers by this country, to assist them in the reconstruction of its financial system,
and such Commission has been appointed and is now in Persia; therefore, be it
Resolved, That this Conference sincerely endorses the appointment of this Commission
and confidently expects that it will be completely successful in its labors.
Whereas, At the present time the spread of public education in Persia is of prime
importance to the people of that country and to the world; therefore, be it
Resolved, That this Conference endorses the suggestion made during the course of its
deliberations by Dr. Elmer Ellsworth Brown, Commissioner of Education of the United
States, and recommends the appointment by the Persian Parliament of an Educational
Commission to visit this country to study its public school system.
Whereas, At the present time Persia, Japan and China have no diplomatic relations
with one another; therefore, be it
Resolved, That this Conference suggests to these three countries the establishment of
such diplomatic relations.
Whereas, The interests of Persia and Turkey are closely interwoven and their terri-
tory adjacent; therefore, be it
Resolved, That it is the sincere desire of this conference that their interests be entirely
reconciled and hearty co-operation established between them.
Resolved, That the recommendations embodied in the report of the Secretary of the
Persian-American Educational Society are hereby adopted.
Resolved, That the Secretary be directed to send copies of these resolutions to the
Charge d'Affairs of Persia in this country, with the request -that he officially forward
copies of the same to the Persian Parliament and the Minister of Foreign Aifairs.
Resolved, That We hereby record our sincere thanks and hearty appreciation of the
kindness of the Trustees of the Public Library in permitting us to hold the sessions of our
Conference in the Lecture Hall of this splendid building.
Resolved, That this Conference oifer a vote of thanks to our President, William H.
Hoar, for his able work in furthering the aims of this Society.
Resolved further, That this Conference record its appreciation of the untiring efforts
and effective work of its Secretary, Joseph H. Hannen, in the preparation of his report and
in the business of the Conference.
Resolved, That the name Persian-American Educational Society be retained; and
Be it further resolved, That another Conference be called at the discretion of the
oificers of the Society, and that in the meantime the plan for the organization of the Orient-
Occident Unity be perfected, to be presented at that Conference for adoption.
It is hereby further resolved, That we express and record our gratitude to our Persian
brother and friend, Mirna Ahmad Sohrab, for his untiring energy in furnishing the
information and attending to the innumerable details so indispensable to the Work of this
Society and the success of this Conference. 
 
GHODSIA ASHRAF KI-IANUM.
"Miriam."
The following extract from the address on "Persian Women," by Mirza
Ahmad Sohrab, delivered before the recent Conference of the Persian~American
Education Society, fittingly introduces the reader to Ghodsia Ashraf Khanum,*
photograph of her on page 12 of Persian section.--ED.

