4 STAR OF THE WEST
Answer to the fifth question: His Highness, has raised the Canopy of
the Oneness of the Kingdom of Humanity. Whosoever enters under the shade of this
all-inclusive Tent, his heart and soul become detached from other tents.
Answer to -the sixth question: Whenever a difference of opinion arises between two
parties, refer it to the Center of the- Covenant, so that the difficulty might be solved.
Answer to the seventh question: His Highness, has appeared for the
benefit of all humanity, summoning all to the Divine Table upon which is spread
the Heavenly Food. But today the majority of those who partake of this Heavenly Food
are poor. That is why His Highness, Christ, said: "Blessed are the poor." Wealth pre-
vents the people from entering the Kingdom, as it is stated by Christ: "It is easier for
a camel to go through the of a needle than for a rich man to enter into the Kingdom
of God." But should a rich person not be prevented from entering the Kingdom because
of wealth and riches, glory and influence of this world, that rich person will become
favored in the threshold of the Almighty and accepted by the Lord of the Kingdom.
To be brief, has manifested for the education and training of all humanity.
He is the Teacher of all, whether rich or poor, black or white, oriental or occidental,
northern or southern.
Regarding the people who come to Akka; some of them make wonderful progress;
-extinguished lamps they were, they became ignited, withered were they, they became fresh
and young; dead were they, and they became alive, returning to their respective countries
-electrified with the dynamic forces of the Most Great Glad--Tidings. On the other hand,
others have come and left without being touched by this great force.
ye two attracted ones towards the Kingdom: Thank ye God that ye have made your
house the gathering-place and the assembly of the believers.
Upon thee be Balm-el--ABHA! (Sign-ed) ABDUL-BAI-IA ABBAS.
Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, February 22, 1910.
RECENT TABLETS FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
To the beloved of God and the maid-servants of the Merciful--l\Tew York (_State):
Mrs. L. G. Stirling, Florence A. Cobb, Lilla A. Ressiguie,
Clara A. Brink, Annie E. Walrath, Dr. F. S. Blood,
Wm. B. Remey, Harriet Rupert, Mrs. E. C. Woodworth,
Pauline Crandall, Mrs. E. Gustin, Mary M. Young,
Bessie Knight, Ada C. Divine, Ella C. Quant,
Dr. W. E. House, Edith L. Whiting, Margaret La-Grange,
Miss Bina Van Buren, Alice House, F. W. Ackernecht.
"Mrs. Sarah Young, Elizabeth Chandler,
HE Is eon!
ye who are attracted to the Bee:-my of 
Your letter was received; it indicated that a new union and harmony is created among
those souls. This glad tiding produced a great happiness and a new hope was seized that
the friends of New York, God willing, may become united and harmonized
with the heavenly power. Today the most beloved and acceptable deed before His High-
ness, is the union of the friends and the concord of men, and the most
unacceptable is difference and inharmony.
Praise be to God that ye have become assisted with this Most Great Bounty, that is,
unity and harmony, and become the cause of the happiness of the heart of Abdul~Baha.
His Highness, said, That if Religion. and Faith become the cause of dif~
ference, enmity and hatred, undoubtedly its non-being is better than its being. Consider
ye how much emphasis He has placed upon love, harmony and affection.
Upon ye be Balla-el-ABHA! (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
Translated by M. A. Sohrab, March, 1911.

