STAR OP THE WEST 9
Hoar. On Monday, March 6th, his re-
mains were taken to Boston, Mass, and
there interred, as Mrs. Marshall will short-
ly move to Boston.
James F. Brittingii-aiiz.
OAKLAND, the time the accom-
panying photograph was taken in October,
1910, the Oakland Assembly numbered
over one hundred and twenty members, so
this group represents less than half the
number. Since then, several have joined
the San Francisco Assembly recently or-
plained at some length and was, of course,
assured that her honest scruples were un-
derstood aiid respected. S0 she stayed
apart wh-ile the group was being arranged
under the trees, but before very long", she
quietly slipped in and sat by her friend.
No notice was taken of it then, but after-
ward I said to her: you decided you
would like to join us after all?" "Yes," she
replied, very earnestly, "while I sat there
watching you people and noticed the dif-
ferent races, the little Japanese family, the
PHOTOGRAPH or THE OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, ASSEMBLY, TAKEN IN OCTOBER, 1910, AT THE
HOME OF MRS. HELEN S. GOODALL, VVHERE THE. MEETINGS HAVE. ALWAYS BEEN HELD.
ganized, as they live on that side of the
bay. The Oakland Assembly includes, also,
Berkeley, Alameda and Fruitvale, besides
a few isolated believers living in the
country who have always attached them-
selves to this center.
In connection with the picture, there is
a happy little anecdote which I feel sure
will interest all the friends. One of the
believers brought with her a young Jewish
lady who had lately heard the Message.
She wanted very much to come, but with
the understanding that she could follow
her own guiding and not be taken in the
picture if she felt that she did not honest-
ly belong there. This attitude she ex-
Negro, the Persian, etc., and the friend-
ship and harmony so in evidence among
you all, I saw something that I have never
seen before, and I said to myself, here is
something true; here is something real-
and--I just could not stay away!"
It is interesting to note there are nine
children present (out of nineteen belong-
mg to and that although
the group _is small, there are actually rep-
resented nine different nationalities; Eng-
lisli,_ French, 'Sw1ss, Irish, Negro, Japanese,
Jewish, Persian and American. It shows
how cosmopolitan We are in this comer
of the world.
Ella Goodall Coogfier.
Continued on page 12

