STAR OF THE WEST 5
To the believers of God and the maidservants of the Merciful, Philadelphia. Upon them
be 
Through Mirza Ahmad Sohrah. Upon him be 
rm IS eon!
ye sons and of the Kingdom!
It is some time since news has reaehed me from you. Today the illumined photo-
graphs you forwarded fourteen months ago were received. By looking at these pie-
tures I remembered you and am writing you this tablet so that you may know I have not
forgotten you and am always engaged in your mentioning and your illumined pictures are
ever present.
ye friends and maidservants of the Merciful! It is easy to advance toward the
Kingdom, but it is difficult to remain firm and steadfast. Therefore endeavor ye as much
.
THE FRIENDS IN PHILADELPHIA, PA.
1, Flora Revell 6. Irwin Summers 12. Miss Elizabeth Stewart 18. Mrs. Albert E.FesIer
2. Mrs. Elwood B. Revel] 7. Miss Florence Hellings 13. Mr. Sigurd Dahl 19. Mrs. Mary I. Revell
3. Miss Ethel Re-vell B. Miss Mary Revell 14. Mrs. Harry 'Weyand 20. Mr. Elwood B.Reve]l
4. Vvalter Summers 9. Mrs.Wiiliam C. Revell I5. Mr. A.M. Dahl 21. Miss Marie Vcy
5. Mr. P. Summers 10. Miss Rebecca Revel! 16. Mrs. Emma Landseidel 22. Mr. Albert E. Fesler
11. Miss Jessie Revell 17. Mr. William C. Revel]
as ye can to make your faith firm like unto a Well-rooted tree and produce blossoms
and fruits. Neither be ye agitated on account of the blowing Winds of tests and trials.
The firmer the roots of the tree the greater its blossoms and fruits. Because the apostles
of Christ remained firm and steadfast they became assisted in the most great services and
the confirmations of the Holy Spirit descended upon themmninterruptedly. If ye seek
the illumination of the Kingdom ye must arise with infinite resolution. Be ye not dis-
couraged or lukewarm on account of troubles and vicissitudes. Show ye an effort so that
that region may be illumined, the Kingdom of God may raise its tents and the breaths
of the Holy Spirit may quicken the souls.
Upon ye be Baha-el-ABHA! (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, April 1911.

