STAR OF THE WEST
Vol. II Chicago (December 12, 1911) Massa'ulk No. 15
TABLETS FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
Through Mirza Ahmad Sohrab to his honor, Mr. Albert Smiley, the founder
of the Lake l\/Iohonk Conference on International Arbitration. May
God assist him!
rm IS eon I
thou great and respected person-age!
The details of the Conference of Peace and Arbitration which is organ-
ized under your presidency has been read in the papers of the East and
the West and the utmost joy and fragrance was produced; that, praise be to
God, in the continent of America, under the presidency of a glorious person-
age, the Conference of International Peace is convened. Today in the World
of existence there is no more important and greater cause than this for it is
conducive to the promotion of happiness in -the commonwealth of humanity
and is the cause of tranquillity of all the nations and countries and the pros-
perity of the individuals of the human World. What cause is greater than
this! It is evident that it has the utmost importance, nay, rather, it will be
the cause of the illumination of the East and the West and the reason for
the manifestation of the Countenance and the Face of God in the World of
humanity and the appearance of infinite affections. Therefore, although
this longing one has no acquaintance with your honor, but this great cause
and this eminent effort of yours became the cause of my having infinite love
for you While absent. Consequently -am engaged in Writing you this epistle.
The matter of international peace instituted by His Highness, BAHA-
sixty years ago in Persia in the year of 1851, A. D. From that
time innumerable epistles and tablets were 'spread "first in Persia and then in
other parts of the World, until about fifty years ago clearly stated}. this
matter of universal peace in the Boo]: of 'Akdas and has commanded all the
Bahais to serve faithfully With heart and soul in 'this great--cause, give up
their possessions and Wealth for it and sacrifice their lives in case of neces-
sity. has taught them to spread the unity of nations and religions and
proclaim in all the regions of the World the oneness of the kingdom of hu-
manity. There are different religions in Persia, such as Mohammedans,
Christians-, Jews, Zoroastrians, and different sects. Through the power of
such affection and love is produced among these various
religions that now they are associating with each other With the utmost unity
and concord like unto fathers, sons, brothers, mothers and daughters. "Then-.
ever they gather in a meeting if a stranger enters in that gathering he is
astonished by the love and affection that they manifest. There is not'the' slightest

