STAR OF THE WEST 5
Nightingale of Significance; the weak bat with its shattered broken wing cannot soar
with the white--winged Gabriel, and the darkness of humiliation and remorse cannot cover
the rays of the Sun of Truth. Were there any justice they would all testify that this
Pen is not moving the East and the West except through the Confirmation of the Blessed
Perfection, and this Melody is not imparting rejoicing and delight to the world except
through the assistance of the Most Great Name. When the blind souls deny the
existence of the sun, they think they have accomplished a great feat, while heedless of the
fact that they have proved more than anything else their own ignorance.
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Annals.
NEWS FROM THE ORIENT.
During the past two years three distinct movements inaugurated in America by the
Bahais, have demonstrated to the friends in the Orient, to what extent the Cause has
spread and with what spiritual power it has become manifest in the western world.
First, is the building of the Mashrak-el-Azkar in Chicago, which brought forth such a
generous contribution from all parts of the world a11d united the Bahais in a bond of
ideal union and concord. Second, the organization of the Persian-American Educational
Society in Washington, D. C. The practical usefulness and wide--spread fame which this
Society has achieved in a short time has attracted great attention among prominent men
of the Orient. The necessity of such a Society has been felt for some time, and it will
undoubtedly achieve great service in the future throughout the East as well as in Persia.
A writer in a recent newspaper in Egypt says, that of all the many societies which have
been formed during the past few years to serve Persia, this Society has demonstrated
itself to be the most useful and the most practical. Third, the publication of the BAHAI
Nlews, now the STAR OF THE Wssr, edited jointly in Chicago and Washington. The
hundreds of letters received from all parts of the Orient, from every city, town and
village, are the greatest proof that this publication has effected a most wonderful service
111 the Bahai world. It has irrefutably demonstrated that the Cause of is
advancing with great strides toward its ultimate destination. The deniers of the Cause
have never dreamed that this Revelation would bring about such results. For the last
few months many Assemblies in Persia and the Orient have been organized, several
schools are being established, and many changes are introduced; in fact, it might be said
that the Cause is entering upon a period of reconstruction, the results of which will be
beneficial and wholesome. The following news items are a few paragraphs gleaned from
the immense correspondence which has been very lately received from the Orient:
EGYPT.
ALEXAN1JR1A.--A daily newspaper, The
Valley of the Nile, in its issue of March
22nd, presents a full page concerning the
life and teachings of Abdul-Baha. It is a
noteworthy fact that all the prominent peo-
ple of Egypt are beginning to feel his
spiritual presence and call upon him to re-
ceive instruction. The news of the look-
ing forward of the American Bahais to the
coming of Abdul--Baha to that country has
reached here and it is hoped that all the
friends may attain to this blessing and
that the Center of the Covenant may travel
to the West. Not only are the American
Bahais anxious to have Abdul-Baha in
their midst, but the friends of every
country are supplicating him to visit them.
Now that he is free the believers are not
satisfied with Tablets and Messages, but
they long to have him personally.
PERSIA.
these days every Bahai~ As-
sembly in Persia is engaged in practical
service and co-operation and the friends
are engaged in the establishment of various
committees 'Lo work for the advancement of
the Cause. We' have just now organized
the Mahfel Entezam, which will be com-
posed of members who are engaged in
spreading the Cause, studying the Teach-
ings, corresponding with the different As-
semblies and giving succor to the helpless
ones. Haji Tavangar, a well known
Bahai, is the chairman; Mirza Nasrollah is
Secretary, and Mirza Azzizollah is Treas-
urer. We hope that the friends in the
West will correspond with us. We also
have organized a boys' club, whose mem-
bers meet once a week for two hours read-
ing of the Tablets, memorizing the Hidden
Words, and social refreshment. In regard
to the School of Tarbiat here: It was
established three years ago, through a very
progressive man, Haji Ali Khan. Though
this man has never traveled abroad and is
unacquainted with modern educational
methods, yet he is very anxious to do all
he can for the advancement of this school.
In the past he sought in vain to find
an assistant who was acquainted with west-
ern methods, until a few months ago the
friends engaged Mirza Anayatollah Sohrab,
who is a graduate from the American Col-

