STAR OF THE WEST 9
going to sit still at, 'a time when We have been called upon to serve with he-art and
to not withholding our lives? Shall We set aside the explicit commands
of Abdul-Baiha? D-o We love money more than life? Such neglect but reflects upon
the Cause. Continuous work is a testimony of vigor-ous life, while spasmodic endeavor
betrays slothful, tired or ebbing energy. We, who by the grace of God, are quickened
by His Spirit, must not be overcome b-y the c-haracte-ristics of the diseased o-r dying,
but should arise with strength to complete the conquest over death which We have
already b-egun. . . . . . Abdul-Baha has said, "The Mashrak-el-Azkar will be built,
and hundreds of such structures in due seaso-n;" also, "It is not a favor to contribute,
but a blessing to- be allowed to give to such a purpose." Let us not lose this oppor-
tunity, but rise up and ask and give. I shall promulgate this matter in India and you
do the same in America. Let us start our subscriptions anew and let every one give
what he can. I feel strongly in this matte-1" and trust I have not exceeded proper
bounds of courtesy. With love and greetings, I am yours brotherly,

Our Persian section this issue contains:
(1) Arrival of Ab-dul~Baha in France; (2) International Peace and the recent
Arbitration Treaties between America, England and France; (3) Mohonk Lake Con-
ference o-n International Arbitration; (4) Tablet from Abdul-Baha to Mr. Albert
Smiley, founder of the Moho-nk L-ake Conference; (5) Tablet from Abdul-Baha to Mr.
C. C. Philips, Secretary of the Mohonk Lake Conference; (6) the approaching journey
o-f American Bahais to Persia; (7) recent neyvsbetween Persia and America; (8)
portrait of Mr. A. P. Dodge, of New York City, and his Wife;' (9) short account of their
services in the Cause; (.10) an account of the First Universal Races Congress, by
Mirza Lotfolla-h I-Iakein.

NOTES.
(Continued from page 7]
PZAWHIVE, BURMA. The Bahais of Rangoon and Mandalay join with us in send-
ing greetings to all. With deep regret we report the death of our brother, Syed
Sajjad Hossain. About twenty of the friends came from Mandalay, one hundred
miles distant, to atte-nd the funeral. Representatives of seven religions We-re present.
Bahai rites Were performed, although the interment took place in a Mohammedan
burial ground.
You will be pleased to know that a daughter of Mahmood Saheb, one of the Bahai
friends of Mandalay, has passed a te-achership examination. This young Woman,
Whose name is Matin, will undoubtedly assist in educating the Bahai women of
Burma. The late Dr. Sye-d Sajjad Hossain's daughter is preparing for a similar
teachersnip examination. Other Bahai ladies, numbering seven, have also become
successful in their examinations this year. Khalifa Mohammad Umts.
"Verity, I came from God, and unto Him do I return, severed from all else save
Him and holding to His Name, the Zlfercifwl, the Compassionate!"
During the summer, Mrs. Susie C. Stewart, of Virginia, ascended to the Supreme
Horizon. She was a very spiritual colored believer, so-Wing much seed in Richmond.
Mr. John Peterson also passed from this life early in the summer, at Mt. Vernon,
Oregon. m_
Mr. Percy Wolo-dco-ck and Mr. Louis G. Gregory both report great spiritual
meetings held this summer in Green Acre, Me.

