8 STAR OF THE WEST
Sometimes: if the nervous system is paralyzed through fear, a. spiritual
remedy is necessary. Madness, incurable otherwise, can be cured through
prayer, but an ab-sc-es-s cannot b-e cur-ed by prayer alone. Extreme cases need
prayer. It often happens that sorrow makes one ill. That can be cured by
spiritual means. Blindness is physical, no-t spiritual. They say our Lord
cured blindness; it was blindness of the soul. ("They have eyes and see not,
ears they have and hear not") He brought on spiritual awakening.
All healing is of God. There are two classes of causes for illness: 
Material, Spiritual. If the sickness is of the body, a material remedy is
needed; if of the soul, then a spiritual remedy.
All is in God's hands. Aristotle made a special study of the digestion,
but he died of a gastronomic m.ala.dy. Avisen was a specialist of the heart,
but he died of heart disease. Dinradi was a thorax -sp-ecialist--he died of
consumption. God is the only all powerful doctor.
Kings have all the power the world and man can give -them, yet sometimes
God shows them their feebleness and dependence on Him by allowing them to
be in need of a very little thing. The elephant, the larges-t animal and the
strongest, is troubled most of all by the fly. The lion has a worm that troubles
him greatly. If man looks at nature he will see that all that exists is captive.
All are dependent. Man, to begin with the highest of all created beings, is
dependent on a great many things for his life. The first is air; a few moments
without air would be sufficient to kill him. Then he is dependent on water,
food, clothing, warmth and many things. See ho-w he is surrounded by clan-
gers of all sorts and illnesses. It is the same with all created beings, animals,
plants; look ho-w much is necessary to their existence! All that exists is feeble,
poor, captive. The freedom of man depends alone on his spiritual power. All
that exists are prisoners of nature. Consider the sun, that enormous, powerful
globe around which we travel, even he cannot escape the law of nature--he
cannot move out of his course or shade his radiance--and again the sea. cannot
escape, she has no will of her own. Only man is enabled by Divine Power to
control, in a small degree, the laws of nature. It is the natural law for man
to live on land, yet he sails o-n the sea. It is natural for man to rest on terra
firma, yet he flies. It is natural for a man to walk no faster than three or four
miles an hour-he makes himself engines which take him sixty or more miles
an hour. It is natural for a man to be able to speak with another at a distance
of ten yards, but he makes himself the telephone and telegraph with which he
can speak and send messages to a distance of a hundred, of a thousand and
more miles. In these cases nature is the prisoner of man.
Lo-ok what great power God has given man and yet how -sad it is that so
much ignorance still remains.
I hope you will always be the cause of revealing the Divine Light to the
people and that the power of the Spirit will lead you into the Kingdom of God.

