4: STAR OF THE WEST
Illustrated interviews with her were published in the leading newspapers, and
her reception at Rauscher's Ha-ll, Saturday, June 17th, was a notable feature of
the Conference.
The public sessions of the Conference were held in the hall of the Washing-
to11 Public Library, which had been beautifully decorated for the occasion
with the emblems of Persia and the United States, while costly Persian rugs
and curious bric-a-brac, loaned by the Persian Legation, mingled well with
palms and oak leaves in a sumptuous oriental effect.
The first session Was called to order at 10 a. 1n., Friday, June 16th, with
the President, William H. Hoar, of New York City, in the Chair. The in-
vocation was pronounced by Rev. William D. Moss. Following the Cl1airman's
opening address, in which the objects of the Conference were ably set out,
a communication and an address from Mirza Ali Kuli Khan, Charge d'Afi'aires
of Persia, were read by the Secretary. The address most interestingly outlined
the methods being followed in the education of the young Shah of Persia. Con-
gratulatory telegrams and cablegrams were read, the points represented being
Teheran, Paris; New York, by Roy C. Wilhelm; Boston, Mass., by Alfred E.
Lunt; Kenosha, Wis., by B. M. Jacobsen; Montreal, Canada, by Dr. Ameen U.
Fareed. The next speaker was Hon. Elmer Ellsworth Brown, U. S. Commis-
sioner of Education, who discussed the topic of International Educational Re-
lations. He was followed by Benj. F. Trueblood, Secretary of the American
Peace Society. The Secretary then read extracts from his printed Annual Re-
port, after which an adjournment was taken to permit photographs of the dele-
gates and friends in attendance to be used by the American Press Association.
The afternoon session of June 16th was called to order at 3 o'clock with
Howard MacNutt, of Brooklyn, N. Y., in the Chair. The invocation was
pronounced by Rev. W. W. McMaster. The first address was by Hooper Harris,
of New York City, on the subject: "Is Persia's Future Safe?" He was fol-
lowed by C. S. Donaldson, of the U. S. Bureau of Manufacturers, on "Commercial
Relations between Persia and America." Mrs. Fannie Fern Andrews, Secre-
tary of the American School of Peace League, Boston, Mass., who was on the
program to speak, was unable to be present, on account of sudden illness, as
announced in a telegram. The concluding address was by Professor H. B.
Holler, of Washington, who spoke on the aims of the Oriental University.
The third session commenced at 10 o'clock Saturday morning, June 17th,
with Mr. Hooper Harris, of New York City, presiding. The opening prayer
was delivered by Rev. W. R. Wedderspoon. Prof. Edw. C. Getsinger, of
Washington, gave a talk on the subject of "Breakers Ahead of Persia," warning
the new Government against American financial methods as practiced by Wall
Street. Howard MacNutt, of New York City, next spoke on "Reciprocity."
Professor Hermann Schoenfeld, of George Washington University, one-time
Turkish Consul-General, gave an address on "Persia's International Relations,"
and Henry C. Finkelstein, Legal Attache of the Persian Legation, discussed
"Persia and the Constitution." Professor Arnauld Belmont, of the faculty of

