16 STAR OP THE WEST
HE IS eon!
God! God! Thou dost look upon us from Thineunseen Kingdom of Oneness
(beholding) that we have assembled in this Spiritual meeting, believing in Thee, confident
in Thy signs, firm in Thy Covenant and Testament, attracted unto Thee, set aglow with
the fire of Thy love, sincere in Thy Cause, servants in Thy vineyard, spreaders of Thy
religion, worshippers of Thy Countenance, humble to Thy beloved, submissive at Thy door
and imploring Thee to confirm us in the service of Thy chosen ones. Support us with Thine
unseen hosts, strengthen our loins in Thy serv.itude and make us submissive and worship-
ping servants, communing with Thee.
our Lord! We are Weak, and Thou art the Mighty, the Powerful! We are mortals
and Thou art the Great Life-giving Spirit! "We are needy and Thou art the Powerful
and Sustainer!
our Lord! Turn our faces unto Thy Divine Face; feed us from Thy heavenly table
by Thy Godly grace; help us through the hosts of Thy supreme angels and confirm us by
the holy ones of the Kingdom of ABHA.
Verily, Thou art the Generous, the Merciful! Thou art the Possessor of great bounty
and verily Thou art the Clement and Gracious!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Asens.
IMPRESSIONS OF THE CONVENTION.
BY-A DELEGATE.
The Convention of 1911 will always be remembered. There the realization was
attained of the promise that "where two or three are gathered together in My Name,
there am I in the midst of them."
Joy in service left no room for "votes of thanks." For in every heart was stirred a
new consciousness that "thanks" belong alone to God.
The universality of the Mashrak-el-Azkar (tho dawning point of prayer) is making its
deep impress upon the World. From Orient and Occident those who do not call themselves
"Bahais," as well as those who do, are contributing in tangible form to this universal
idea; thus we find an English Interpreter of Classical Drama devoting some of the
proceeds of her art to this object.
It is impossible now to estimate the results of the Temple Unity Convention, for they
are Woven into the very fibre of life.
When the Assemblies grasp the tremendousness of that which is coming into being
through these annual meetings, even the smallest of them will be represented. For here
is building into the great heart of humanity the "Temple of the living God;" the outer
expression of which will be the Mashrak-el-Azkar in Chicago which includes every form
of human service.
The phrase "Sea of Oneness" is filled with new meaning to those who have been
privileged to attend the recent Convention. May that "Oneness" reach out in loving
service to the uttermost parts of the earth, thus fulfilling the prophetic Words, "There
shall be one fold and one Shepherd, one God and His Name one."
Chicago, May 4, 1911. Gnnon ROBARTS.
Our Persian section this issue contains: (1) Tablet revealed by Abdul-Baha for the
Persian friends about three years ago, immediately after the declaration of the Constitution
in Turkey and Persia; (2) progress of the Cause in California, written by Dr. Farced;
(3) photograph of Dr. Fareed, Mirza Faragullah Khan and Mrs. Getsinger; (4) article
pertaining to Public Education, as the foundation of the progress of every nation; (5)
suggestion that the Persian -Government appoint a commission to go'to Europe, America
and Japan to study their systems of public education and establish a system in Persia;
(6) announcement of the marriage of Miss Laura C. Barney and Mons Hippolyte Dreyfus;
(7) photograph of Miss Barney; (8) report of the Third National Convention of Bahais
at Chicago; (9) photograph of Mr. Joseph H. Hannen, one of the Washington, D. C.,
delegates to the above Convention; (10) Third National Peace Conference in Baltimore
and Arbitration Treaty between America and England, and Mr. Chas. Mason Remey's
address on the Bahai Movement before the said Congress; (11) Tablet from Abdul-Baha
regarding his coming to America; (12) news from Alexandria, Egypt.

