STAR OF THE WEST 9
stands for in our world today. The mere personality and influence of Abdul Baha,
reveal the consist-ency of his message and teaching since he- practises What he
claims to show, and that is the brotherhood of man irrespective of colour or creed,
and the inherent unity of all religions. At his house and table for many years
could be met at any time pilgrims and followers adhering to almost every kind of
faith and race under the sun. They met and sat together in complete harmony of
thought and a.im, for they were Bahais. Jews, Moslems, Christians, Parsees and
H.indus--I have met all these varied types at different times in Syria round
Abdul Baha, and we fraternised as though we belonged to one great family.
For forty years, nay from childhood, has Abbas Etfendi suffered every kind of
misery that bigotry, exile, and unjust imprisonment could life spent, in
sacrifice and devotion t-0 those high ideals of love, charity and compassion that
Christians generally appropriate as their special religious prerogatives. Both Abdul
Baha and his great father Baha'ullah (the founder of th-e Bahai movement, and fore-
told by the Bab in his book, the Beyan, 1814-1852) stood true to- the light within, and
this raised them above the petty divisions, quarrels a.nd barbarities which have ever
been the ordinary outcome of religious prejudices and enmities. "God is One. Ye
are all brothers," said the prophet. "By What right does one man d-eclare another un-
clean or claim that one race is superior and another inferior?" "All are before God
as the varied flowers in the beautiful garden of the Universe." Great leaders who
found movements or pioneers of science have ever had to suffer for their just views.
As Jesus was. hounded to His death through political and religious fanaticism, so was
the Bab martyred and the Bahai prophet tortured and imprisoned. It is claimed that
great causes evoke great leaders and reveal characters that cannot be measured by
puny standards. Nam-es that have come down to us through posterity as human
"lighthouse-s" are souls that stood faithful and unshaken to the n-oblest that lay with-
in them. They did and bore because anything else was impossible. Natures that
scorned compromise or weak subterfuges, they stand, the eternal "crucified" types to
the lesser human standards.
Those of us capable of judging and weighing have the good fortune to recognise
in one day teachers and bold thinkers of the Abbas Effendi and To-lstoyan type, and
that we can recognise them is due to- -the persistency with which such souls live out
the precepts they inculcate. It is not a matter of verbal philosophy only, but of prac-
tical daily and hourly demonstration. If the pioneer treads paths that seem too ideal-
istic for our poor strength, if we do not feel in us that -same urge to the heights of
their endeavour, at least the hum-ble-st of us may refrain from casting st-ones in their
way, we can repress the cheap criticism that may give these tireless workers needless
pain or trouble. Let us show generosity and approval for good intentions even if We
feel ourselves above and beyond their iniuence. Observations such as these spring
to the mind almost inevitably when one has lived in the world some time and had the
good (or bad) fortune to engage in work that makes for progress and advance in the
world of human.ity.
It was a matter for deep rejoicing to find that our Christian outlook in Europe
has advanced so truly and thoroughly on lines of tolerance and philosophic under-
standing, that Abdul Baha found at once the interest and sympathy in his work, which
for many bitter years he has failed to find among the very people who stood to gain
all in higher development and progress by listening to his wisdom. Let the Eastern
world judge their leaders by the tests of life and action, not by their Well sounding
phrases. Ulemas who are content to role out grandiloquent Koranic expositions, or
Christian priests who tell people how to live and do nothing. themselves, are no longer
honoured teachers in the life of today. "Some are content with words, but the truth
of words is tested by deeds and dependent upon life. Deeds reveal the station of man"

