12 STAR OF THE WEST
as the outward edifice can gather men of diiferent nations in one place, likewise, the Reality
of Christ has united the great races of the world together."
The Chairman called the attention of the Convention to the necessity of some action
with respect to Bahai publication work.
_On motion of Mr. Jacobsen, seconded.by Mr. Mi1ls,_ and unanimously carried, the
Chairman was authorized to_ appoint a committee to ascertain and report the condition and
needs of the Bahai Publishing Society, and to report its recommendation for Bahai publi-
cation work to the Convention at its session on Tuesday.
The Chairman appointed the following Committee: Mr. Mountfort Mills, Mr. Roy
C. Wilhelm, Mr. Charles Mason Remey, Mrs. Ida A. Finch and Mr. Edwin Woodcock.
Mr. Hall addressed the Convention on the propriety and importance of giving an
impetus to the publication Work and as an aid and agency in promoting the Cause and in
carrying forward the work of this UnityTAG-END OF THE OLD CONDITIONS
Shacks and bungalows occupying the narrow strip of land lying between Sheridan Drive and Lake Michigan,
and obstructing the view toward the lake--the eastward the site of the Mashrak-
cl-Azkar. These structures are the natural outcome of the conditions from
which the land will be delivered as a sequel to the Bahai occupancy. A
strong incentive for redoubled effort toward that happy result.
On motion, adjourniuent was taken until 10 a. m. Tuesday, May 2nd.
The Convention adjourned by following in prayer Mr. Greenleaf, who read the
following 
Compassionate God! Thanks be unto Thee, for Thou hast awakened me and made
me conscious. Thou hast given me a seeing eye, and favored me with a hearing ear;
hast led me to Thy Kingdom and guided me to Thy path.
Thou hast showed me the right way and caused me to enter the Ark of Deliverance.
God, keep me steadfast and make me firm and staunch.
Protect me from violent tests and preserve and shelter me in the strongly fortified
Fortress of Thy Covenant and Testament.
Thou art the Seeing! Thou art the Hearing!
Thou Compassionate God, bestow upon me a heart, which, like a glass, may be
illumined with the Light of Thy Love; and confer upon me a thought which may change
the world into a rose-garden, through the Spiritual Bounty.
Thou art the Compassionate, the Merciful. Thou art God of Great Beneficence!

