4 STAR OF THE WEST
Basheer, of Valparaiso, Ind., presented an epitome of the Bahai Principles in the three
words, Love, Peace, Unity. Mrs. Cooper, of Fruit-port, Mich, Mr. Mounfort Mills, of New
York City, Mrs. Ditmars, of Spokane, Washington, and Mr. Bernard M. Jacobson, of
Kenosha, Wis., typified the unity of those far removed in point of distance, and each
brought a cheery message to refresh the souls of the listeners. Mrs. Coles, of Washing-
ton, thrilled with ringing utterances; Mr. Pary, of New York Mills, Minn., expressed
his joy in being again present; Mr. Woodcock, of New York, shared more of his experi-
ences in the recent visit with Abdul-Baha, described aptly as "Six Weeks in Heaven".
Mr. Hannen, of l/Vashington, D. C., Mr. Arthur Dealy, of Fair Hope, Ala., and Mrs. Bagg,
of Muskegon, Mich, closed the list of speakers, each bringing a fragrant greeting of
love. As the friends dispersed to their homes, reluctantly leaving the happy scene, the
delegates were presented with flowers, the wonderful sweetness of trailing arbutus
coming from Fruitport, Mich., and blossoms from dear Mrs. Dealy, of Fair Hope, Ala.,
bringing their own assurances of loving thoughtfulness on behalf of absent ones.
Surely there were no more joyous nierrymakerson the street cars than the believers,
whose beaming faces were in striking contrast with those returning from the futile pur-
suit of pleasure 111 material ways, or the chase of the elusive gold. Many must have
wished for the joy of the Bahais.
The Sunday morning meeting, held in Corinthian Hall, Masonic Temple, was
another wonderful and blessed gathering. The spacious hall was crowded It seemed that
the spirit of the Unity Feast was present, as the friends gathered again and greeted each
other like the members of a family. Mrs. Holmes opened the exercises with a selection
on the organ; Mr. Vlfindust, the Musical Director, announced that upon this occasion the
audience was to be the choir, and soon the strains of a Bahai were resounding. Mr.
Mountfort Mills presided and read a Tablet and Prayer. Another song was followed by
a reading by Mrs. Parmerton. Then Mr. Rerney presented briefly a report of his trip
around the world with Mr. Howard Sturven. In a most interesting manner he outlined the
four months spent between Chicago and the Pacific coast, visiting the various Assemblies;
then from San Francisco to Honolulu, where several meetings were held; to Tokyo, Japan,
where, under the direction of Professor M. Barakatullah, a large audience was addressed
at the Y. M. C. thence to Shanghai, China, to Rangoon and Kunjangoon, Burma; to
Baroda, India, where the assemblage addressed was called together by the Maharajah;
to Bombay, India, where numerous meetings were held; to Haifa, where time was spent
with Abdul-Bahafand representatives of five of the great religions of the world were
present, i. Jews, Zoroastrians, Christians, Moslems and Buddhists. From Haifa they
returned to America. A song composed by Mrs. E. Emma Holmes, and now sung for the
first time, was ably rendered by Mr. Mills. Words of Abdul-Baha were next read by
Dr. Pauline Barton-Peeke, of Cleveland, Ohio. Then Mr. Percy F. Woodcock, of New
York, shared the spiritual wealth of his wonderful experiences, dwelling particularly upon
the teachings imparted on the recent visit to Abdul-Baha at Ramleh. He was given, this
time, a message of joy and peace>> to the believers. The particular thought which he
developed was Maturity. A wonderful teaching, given by a great Oriental Bahai, was
presented, outlining the seven props which man needs on his spiritual journey from sav-
agery, polytheism and idolatry to monotheism and the worship of God in Spirit and in
Truth. These props are then to be discarded and man is to find the several filled
from within. They are: 1. The Priest. 2. The Law-Giver. 3. 'The Prophet. 4. The
Savior. 5. The Sacrifice. 6. The Divine Incarnation. 7. Heaven. Hidden Words were
read in support of the presence of each of these within. Mr. Woodcock closed with two
Oriental stories; one told by Abdul-Baha is particularly impressive. It concerns a rivalry
between Greek and Japanese artists, at some period of history. This competition became
so keen that an opportunity was given to these artists to comp-are their skill. A gallery
was provided and the rivals were to decorate opposite sides. A sliding scaffolding concealed
the work of one party from the other. Finally, the day of the test came. The king and
his party inspected first the work of the Japanese, who had most wonderfully depicted
figures, scenes and objects on their side of the wall, in a manner which seemed super-
latively great. When the other side was unveiled it developed that the Greeks had devoted
their time to polishing their side, and it was so perfectly done that the pictures from the
opposite side were mirrored therein and depicted even more exquisitely. So we are to
polish our mirrors in this great Day. The singing of. the Temple Song, by the entire
audience, closed a memorable occasion. 
In the afternoon nearly fifty of the friends visited the Mashrak-el-Azkar grounds,
despite the uncertainty of the weather. The evening brought large numbers together again,
at the hospitable home of Mr. and Mrs. George Loeding, 1n Perry Street, where the '19-day
Tea of the Woman's Assembly of Teaching was given. This proved to be a most delight-
ful opportunity for further social intercourse, binding the hearts together with new ties.
A day more full of joy it would be hard to realize, and one can better imagine the condi-

