14 OF THE 
editing, printing and publishing Bahai Teachings in the English language. That it
include in the scope of its work, the organization and maintenance of a Board, or Boards
of Translation, Revision and Edition. While we recognize such work as essentially a part
of the work of this Unity, nevertheless, the prosecution of such an enterprise involves
incurring liabilities from which we should safeguard the funds contributed to the treasury
of this Unity.
Tlierefore, we make the appeal for the formation of an affiliated Publication Unity,
with which and in which, we will freely co-operate.
On motion du.ly seconded,'the resolution was unanimously adopted.
On motion duly adopted, the Chairman was authorized to, and thereupon appointed
the following Committee on Publications: Mr. Edwin Woodcock, Mr. Charles Mason
Remey, Mr. Mountfort Mills, Mr. Albert R. Windust, Mr. Arthur S. Agnew.
The committee appointed to investigate the purchase of additional grounds, made the
following report:
"The question before us for recommendation is, as we understand it, shall a special
effort be made to curtail, on the date of the next interest payment June 24, 1911, by as
large an amount as possible, the balance due on the Mashrak-el-Azkar site, for the purpose
of saving interest; or, shall a portion of the funds now on hand be utilized for the purpose
of acquiring additional land on the east water-front"?
"We are confronted by these facts: Ground bordering on the water-front, on the
east side, is necessary in order to give us the desired outlook; there are about six lots
which can now be secured at, approximately, $2,000 each; the price of land is advancing,
so that a year hence the purchase price of that desired will in all probability be severa
hundred dollars more; of the cash now on hand, $2,000 the special donation of
Mrs. Goodall, who specified it as her wish that this amount be used for the purchase of
additional ground" the mortgage is not due until June 24 1912- by paying this $2-000
now on the mortgage, about $120 in interest would be saved, and,finally, there is a qi1es~
tioii of policy involved,' due to the instructions of Abdul-Baha that the erection of even
temporary buildings shall not be undertaken until the debt on the land is paid.
"'This added ground is apart of the Temple site, but is an accessory holding. This
view of the matter might justify yoprdbody inhtaking op the ladditionfil 
about $10 000 which would be entaie upon presen pure ase wi use 
$2,000 as it cash payment on a part at least of the needed land. 
method which would obviate any technicalities, so far as the present obgeet is
concerned, is recommended for your consideration. It is this: As Mrs. Goodall has so
kindly given the $2,000 to enagilg us to pgrfecg ougt pf this needeg
she or some other name an
further. In that event, the purchase of, say, six lots might be made by the
Trustees, with a payment of $500 cash on each, and the lands thus acquired be trans-
ferred in escrow, or in trust, to Mrs. Goodall, or whoever would avail themselves of this
blessed privilege, to hold them iE?ah5iibEURl'g1mple In this way, tire 
't ld have taken on no a 1 iona in "e ness an en we were rea a 
the balance could be paid. This would necessity of the holder 's
taking care of assessments, etc., as they become due, but this could quite properly be a
Tern le funds in hand if you so direct.
suggested that the financial situation involved by this arrangement be
outlined to the 'Bahais of America immediately and their co-operation asked in lifting
this additional burden. Enough additional funds should now be diverted toward this land
1; - ll th necessary lots on a cash payment of say $500 each.
0 the eproposed arrangements, the Treasurer .wou,ld know what to depend on as
3, payment on the mortgage and could give proper notice, or take such other action as he
and the others constituting the Board of Trustees, might deem best toward the application
th. ha or expected June 24 1911.
of 0 er ml on ljlraithfully yours, (Signed) JOSEPH H. HANNEN,
CLAUDIA STUART Conns, 
HOMER S. HARPER, Committee.
on motion of Mrs. Parniei-ton, duly seconded, this report was unanimously adopted.
On motion of Mrs. Coles, duly seconded and unanimously adopted, the Executive Board
was authorized to proceed in accordance with the recommendations in the report.
Miss Robarts read letters of greeting from the London, England, Assembly and the
Boston Assembly, in which they suggest that a Book of_ Common Praise be compiled, com-
bining the best in the 'old with the best in the new, voicii1g_the message_of Unity, Brother-
hood and Love. This matter was referred to the Publication Commission for their guid--
ance and action, and they were directed to send greetings to the London Assembly.
011 motion, the Convention adjourned until 2 p. m.

