STAR OF THE WEST 5
body becomes nothing. Thus it is affirmed that man is man only by the spirit
and not by the body.
This s-pirit is one of the divine bounties, a inanifestation of the Sun of
Truth; but if the human spirit receive the breath of the Holy Spirit, then it
is a pure spirit. The breath of the Ho-ly Spirit is the divine teaching; in it the
spirit finds eternal life. It is the heavenly light and illumines the human
World by the divine qualities. Hence We must endeavor to act according to
the teachings of 
Let us endeavor from day to day to become more spiritual, to bring about
the unity of the human World, to practice human equality, to diffuse the divine
mercy, to sho-W the love of God to all those who are on the earth, so that the
spiritual faculties may shine in all their splendor; that no authority remain
to the body, so that the spirit, Which sustains and rules the human World, may
form one being, one person. Differences and disputes Will exist no longer.
The divine Jerusalem will be founded universally. All men will be the in-
habitants of the same kingdom and they will take their part in the divine
bounties.
I thank God to find myself in your assembly and I am grateful for your
spiritual sentiments. I pray God to increase your sentiments each day; to
strengthen this union and accord, so that the prophecies of the Holy Scripture
become visible, for this epoch will be great, this century will be divine; the
traces of all the scriptures will be seen; the signs given by Christ Will become
manifest. It Will be the great day of the Lord. Divine justice Will shine.
It will be the time of peace, of justice, of union and of happiness. I hope that
at this epoch the corporal World Will become the reflection a11d echo of the
divine World. Such is our hope, and, thanks to God, W6 agree in this desire.
I ask God that you may live by the breath of the Holy Spirit, that you
be united, that all the hearts be filled with the love of God, that your tongue
pronounce often the Name of God, that your actions be spiritual, that your
sentiments be like those of the inhabitants of the Kingdom, in order that the
human light, which is the image of God, may shine brilliantly.
God! Kind, generous, merciful; illumine this assembly With the light
of T'hy love; vivify these souls with the breath of the Holy Spirit, offer the
heavenly lights and the great bounties, give us Thy help, show us spirituality,
give us the light of a good conduct, give to the spirits infinite bounties and
generosity.
Creator! We are poor, give us of the treasure of the Kingdom; We are
humble, glorify us in Thy Kingdom; We are homeless, protect us, shelter us;
We are seekers, lead us by Thy limitless favors; We are silent, give us an
eloquent tongue; We are Weak, give us the strength of the Kingdom.
Creator! He Who pardons! Pardon our faults; gr-ant us bounties 
forgive us our sins, teach us divine politeness. Thou art the One who gives;
Thou art the One who offers; Thou art kind!
Balhai Assembly of Washington is publishing a new edition of the
pamphlet entitled "Peace" which is a sketch of the history and teachings of the Bahai
Movement. These pamphlets can be had in quantities at the following rates, which
includes postage -or expressage: 1,000 copies, $15.0-0; 500 copies, $8.00; 100 copies,
$2.00; 50 copies, $1.25; 25 copies, $0.75. Apply to The Bahai Assembly of Washington,
P. O. B-oix 192, Washington, D. -C.

