STAR or THE WEST 
existing material barriers, the Oriental and the Occidental peoples are being
forced one upon the other. Through international relations, the increase of
foreign commerce, and the travel and mingling of people, the Oriental and
Occidental peoples are daily coming into closer relations upon the material
plain of life. As yet this is but a superficial mingling, void of any basic
unity.
Without any mutual trust, confidence, nor affinity for one another, the
Oriental and Occidental peoples are at variance in almost every way. That
which will solve this mighty problem is the spiritual confidence, trust, and
mutual affinity, which the Bahai Faith is creating between Oriental and Occi-
dental. Through the establishment of such practical institutions of service
as will demonstrate this Spiritual unity, the greatest material and spiritual
benefit to all humanity will be forthcoming, for springing from the spiritual
stem Will be all of those religious, political, social, and financial activities
for which the Bahai Cause stands, and which will eventually unite in one
people all the peoples of the world.
The Bahai Cause stands for spiritual unity manifested in every phase
and activity of life. The Bab, and Abdul-Baha stand pre-emi-
nent as lovers and servants of humanity. Their mission was that of spiritual
-uniting and life giving, therefore their teachings have bearing and influence
upon every phase and detail of life. With the fruition of this Cause the
great Orient-Occident problem will be solved. Through this Bahai spiritual
unity encompassing all peoples, Oriental and Occidental characteristics will
so blend that a new and a world type of men will be evolved. One who will
have within him not only the present existing virtues of both the East and
the "Test, but also the highest possibilities of humanity which can only come
to light as people unite and live according to the Divine Law applying in
every phase of life.
The stages of development through which collective man passes are paral-
lel and analagous to those through which he passes as an individual. Until
the state of maturity is reached, individual man and Woman are content to
live apart one from the other. Each is developing his or her own mental
and physical characteristics, and in general two different and distinct types,
masculine and feminine are the result.
When maturity is reached the reason for the difference in the character-
istics of man and woman becomes apparent. Affinity and union takes place
between these differing natures through which a great change is produced in
each. One supplies what the other lacks and two rounded out and more per-
fect liv-es is the result. More too, through this love union of man and woman
the way is made for the birth of other human beings. When two parents are
united by the bonds of an all around love it is a well known fact that their
children come into this world under the highest possible auspices for both
bodily and soul development, and in their natures are found the combined
virtues of both parents magnified.

