STAR OF THE WEST
[Continuing the BAHAI 
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street., Chicago, Ill., U.S.A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post office at Chicago. Illinois, under the Act of March 3, 1879.
ALBERT R. WINDUST EDITOR GERTRUDE BUIKEMA
Persian AHMAD SOHRAB, 1800 Belmont Road, Washington, D.C., U.S.A.
Associate M. BAGDADI, Chicago.
TERMS: $1.00 per year; 10 cents per copy.
Note -- Until further notice, distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. 0. Box 283, Chicago. l1l,, U, S. A.
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, 111., U.S.A.
7 ABDUL-BAHSA.
0 thou Star of the West! HR Is 
Be thou happy! Be thou Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou
shalt become the Star ot the East and shalt spread in every country and elime. Thou art the first paper
oi.' the Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are
limited, thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou sta_nd unshakable, become the object or the
attention oi.' the friends and the center oi! the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the
Covenant, in the future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto waves or the sea; thy
volume will increase, thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and tame will be raised and
become world-wid%and at last thou shalt become the first paper of the 'world of humanity. Yet all these
depend upon firmness, firmness, firmness! (Signed) ABDUIFBAHA 
Vol. II Chicago, (September 27, 1911) Masheyat N0. ll
Mr. Chas. Mason Rcmey, of Vilashingto-n, D. C., has returned from
London, Eng, bringing the following message from Abdul-Baha to the friends
in the "Test:
Regarding the Mashrak-el-Azkar, Abdul-Baha. said, "Its building is the most
important of all things. This is the spiritual Flor that reason it is the
most important of all foundations. Fro-m that Spiritual Foundation will come forth
all manner of advancement and progress in. the World of humanity. Therefore, how
great is its importance." Later 0-n Abdul-Baha said that the believers have many
duties t-o perform. They should associate themselves with and assist all good causes.
Aiding and supporting educational, and other philanthropic institutions
should form a part of their Work. They should serve and unite with all people in
humanitarian Works.
Fro-m these and some other remarks which I was unable to write down ver-
b-atmn, I saw that Abdul-Baha wishes folloWers--to regulate ou.r lives ea.-ch
according to the conditions which surround the individual. No defined rule applicable
to all can be laid down. Everything in daily life has its importance, nevertheless
so-me things are of comparatively greater importance than others. Therefore, when
Abdul-Baha says that the building of the Mas-hrak-e-l--Azkar is of the greatest ion-
ports.-nee he means that of all institutions in the world the building of that edifice
is of primary moment. Surely he has given us all the instructions nec-e-ssary in this
matter. Now all which remains is for us to unite and to do the Work. Whatever the
believers do in unity will be p-leasing and accep-tab-le to Abdul-Baha. He wishes all to
be perfectly free to serve as they feel moved, therefore when we see people Wishing
for things other than what we consider t-0 be th-e most important thing, We should
in no way criticize nor condemn their methods-, for such is against unity and unity
is our sat-eguiard and light. of guidance in all matters. Abdul-Baha gave rue to under-
stand that the consultation of the believers is of the greatest importance in Bahai
work. This is absolutely necessary before unanimity of action can be reached.
Our Persian section this issue contains: 1) Tablet by Abdul-Baha revealed on
the eve of his departure for Europe; (2) an account of his visit to London, England;
(3) regarding his coming to America.

