14 STAR OF WEST
LONDON, ENe.--The Spirit poured out through Abdul-Baha during his re-cent visit
has been percolating through different groups and time is required before the great
results, which are surely on the way, will become apparent. The difference that his
visit seems to have made is the increased freedom that one feels for mixing with the
people and co-operating with them in whatever efforts one finds them making, for any
good purpose--not to trouble them a.bout a new name nor disturb them in the position
where they are, but rather to encourage and inspire them to greater humanitarian
efforts; not to ma.ke a new sect and add to sectarian strife, but to leve-n and raise the
spirituality of all religious bodies and assisting all whom we find to be doing this.
Is not this most truly the Ba-hai Mission of Unity?
Mr. Honore Jaxon, Miss Yandle and the writer have lately been much occupied
in a movement started by us and some East Indians to bring the people of the East
and West into closer social contact--espe-cially, the some two thousand Indian stu-
dents in London. The purpose is to improve their social position here, to create pop-
ular bonds of knowledge and friendship between them. Abdul-Baha, when here, ex>>
pressed the greatest love and concern for the Indians sojourning among us and wanted
us to do what we could for them. Arthur Outltbert.
Mr. and Mrs. Allen of Washington, D. 0., have issued a booklet of children's
prayers in Persian, with the compliments and greetings of their little son Roshan.
Dr. Susan I. Moody, of Teheran, Persia, writes that on the Feast Day of Abdul-Baha,
Nov. 26, 1911, she attended a Ineeting of 100 women and children and had the pleasure
of distributing the first consignment sent by the little donor to the children of Persia.
Sh-e says: "It is delighting the hearts of the children who have never before had a
booklet of their own, and as it contains a facsimile prayer revealed for Roshan it
is very precious to them." 
The spirit manifested by the New York City Assembly in the fair which was held
there on December 9th, for the benefit of the Mashrak-el-Azkar, was but another
evidence of the unity of the friends in this undertaking. To the untiring efforts of
Miss Nellie Hope Lloyd, Treasur-er of the New York Assembly, combined with the
hearty co-operation of the friends, was its success due. The proceeds amounted to
$175.00.
Dr. Ameen Fareed, -on his way from California to Egypt, arrived in Chicago
Dec. 24th and during his sojourn there was the guest of Rev. and Mrs. Joseph A.
Milburn. On Thursday evening, De-c. 28th, he delivered an address on the Revelation
of before an appreciative audience at the Plymouth Congregational
Church.
Tayere-h Khanom passed to the Supreme Concourse on the evening of Dec. 15th,
at Teheran, Persia. She had suffered much, but at the last was restful and perfectly
conscious of the change.

TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
nn Is eon!
servant of the True One!
What thou hadst written was known. It was a clear evidence of thy
thoughtfulness and mindfulness in the Cause of the most Merciful One.
I supplicate God that thou mayest at every moment advance in the grades of

