8 STAR OF
)3
that this is the 'Day of the Comforter?'
To which she replied in the affirmative.
He then said: "Are you comforting? Are
you doing the work of the Comforter 
Requests have been made for a Sunday
afternoon study class in order that those
who are allied with different churches (and
therefore find it impossible to attend the
eleven o'clock meetings), may have the
opportunity of looking more deeply into
the teachings of this Revelation.
What a glorious opportunity is to-day of-
fered to emphasize the points of union
among men instead of p-oints of difference,
as has been the case in the past! May
this indeed be the day in which both men
and women lay aside the personal self and
come more and more into the conscious-
ness .of the universal--that God's Kingdom
--not man's--may indeed be established
upon earth.
Grace Robarts, Cor. Sec'y.
BUFFALO, N. Y.--Words cannot express
the joy we have had in reading the Bahai
ews. May the beautiful new name given
by the Blessed Servant of God cause the
subscription list to be many times in-
creased and we feel assured that the Star
of the West will grow and glow with a
universal and everlasting light.
The Assembly sends greetings and
praises to the friends. We know naught
but unity in our little circle and our one
prayer is that we may "see Him face to
face."
H. Mills, Sec'y.
Cnrcaso, the past month
Dr. Ameen U. Fareed and Mrs. Lua Get-
singer spent two weeks with the friends in
Chicago, en route to the Pacific coast.
They carry with them the love and good
wishes of all.
The last Nineteen-Day Feast was held
at the home -of Mr. and Mrs. James F.
Carmichael, and was largely attended, the
subject of the evening being, "The Estab-
lishment of Unity as a Means of Drawing
Abdul-Baha 'as a Magnet' to America."
The regular Nineteen-Day Tea of the
Woman's Assembly of Teaching, was held
at the home of Mrs. George Lesch. The
subject most beautifully brought forth
fr-om appropriate readings was "Love."
The report of the officers and
chairmen showed a continued zeal in
their services.
The following tablet to the Board of Of-
ficers, in answer to a supphcation written
to Abdul-Baha by the Corresponding Sec-
retary, was received:
THE WEST
Through Agha Zia Effendi, son of M.
Mostafa, to the maid-servants of God;
Mrs. Ida Brush, Mrs. Mary B. Grayson,
Mrs. Fannie G. Lesch, Mrs. Elizabeth
Greenleaf, Mrs. Grace Foster, Mrs.
Christine Loeding, Miss Laura E. Jones,
Miss Mary Lesch, Shahnaz Khanum
(Mrs. Louise R. Waite).
HE IS con!
ye believers who are attracted to the
Centen of Lights!
Verily there have been various assem-
blies in America which were organized
many times and out of these but few re-
mained firm.
I supplicate to the Divine Majesty for
the establishment of every assembly which
hath turned its face towards Go-d, left the
scattered desires, abandoned the self and
passion and become firm in the Cause of
God as solid mountains, which are not
agitated by the winds and violent storms.
Then, ye maid--servants of the Merci-
ful, it is incumbent upon ye to be firm,
sincere and highly energetic and in great
unity; severed from all save God; effaced
and annihilated in the love of God; sacri-
ficing yourselves under all conditions and
circumstances; and glorious, so that ye may
be filled with the love of El-Baha and
that in ye nothing remains except the
abundance of El-Baha. Should ye arise
for these great gifts, ye may rest assured
that the confirmations of the Holy Spirit
will follow ye in every time and instant.
Upon ye be 
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
Translated by Zia M. Bagdadi, Feb. 9, 1911.
The coming convention is a matter of
deep interest to all of the Chicago friends
and a hearty welcome awaits the dele-
gates and visitors who will honor us by
their presence on that important occasion.
Loutse R. Waite.
M1cn.--The friends are firm
and steadfast in the blessed Cause, and
are working in harmony and doing all
they can to spread the teachings and their
mites to the fund for the great Mashrak-
el-Azkar,
Mrs. Jolm Deremo.
New YORK, N. Paul T. G. Mar-
shall, Secretary of the New York Board
of Council, after suffering from pleuro-
pneumonia for five days, passed peacefully
out from the dim light of this world
on Friday, March 3rd, to the bright, glori-
ous light of the Supreme Home. Bahai
services were conducted at his late home,
139 Shippen street, Weehawken Heights,
New Iersey, Sunday afternoon, March
5th, conducted by Mr. MacNutt and Mr.

