SPECIAL CONVENTION ISSUE
STAR OF THE WEST
Y0l- Chicago (Maylzl7, 1911) Azamat if  Tl\lo. 4
THE CONVENTION AT CHICAGO.
The Temple Unity Convention of 1911 was most aus iciousl inau 't
gura a 
Feast, given by the Chicago Assembly Saturday evening, April 29th, at 125 Wabash
Avenue st 
- . . 0.. er, rs. Kirchner and Mrs. Bara were the Committee in charge of the
arrangements for the Feast, and Mr. Charles H. Greenleaf presided over the exercises.
About 135 were present.
The foregoing is a brief summary of the facts concerning a most wonderful meeting,
in which the spirit of unity was so strongly manifested that, as from a great spiritual
dynamo, all who were so fortunate as to be able to participate received a double portion
of the Bounty of the Almighty! Entering a spacious and perfectly arranged dining hall,
the guest beheld a scene of beauty which was a fitting introduction to the good things to
follow. Two long tables, one on either side of the room with smaller ones laced 'n a
1
third' row between' them, were gracefully decorated with growing plants and cut flowers.
All remark th 
upon newness of the hall, which in fact had just been opened, thus pro-
viding for the Bahais a fresh and beautiful environment, typical of the eifect of the Teach-
ings upon the hearts of the believers. One instinctively went back to the days of the
Master, nineteen centuries ago, when His disciples were sent out to claim for their Lord
the steed upon which no man had ridden before' or to the parable of the new wine th
an 
new bottles. Truly, in this day "Old things ha,ve passed away, and all things have become
new.' Th' th - 
is oug tfully provided environment was enjoyed by_ all. However, the spirit
of Baha' would have glorified any scene'! As the visitors from all parts of America assem--
bled, it was a perfect joy to see them embrace and greet each other like members of a
family who had been separated for a long time. It mattered not that most of them had
met but once or twice before, while others had never seen the face of the loved friend.
The unity of the Cause was Va tie closer than that of blood. In the words of a brother in
India, it was apparent that we had always known each other, but had just had the oppor-
tunity to become acquainted. Joyous laughter resounded, and' sometimes the eyes showed
the moisture which betrays the highest ecstacy Could 'there have been another such meet-
ing in Chicago"? Surely not. O, that all the friends might have participated; but the
absent ones were in our thoughts and prayers.
Mr. Greenleaf called. the meeting to order with a few well-chosen words of 'welcome.
Then followed a program: Miss Mary Lesch read from the Words of 
Miss Ellerman sang very effectively "The Holy City," Mrs. Grace Foster read more of
the Holy Utterances; Mr. Percy Woodcock presented some of the Teachings imparted to
him by Abdul-Baha upon the occasion of his_recent visit to Ramleh; Mr. Hetherington, of
Montreal, read a Tablet; Miss Ellerman again' sang, her selection being happy and con-
tributing materially to the harmony of the evening; Mr. Hannen read a 'l'ablet* just
revealed by Abdul-Baha to the believers in America, and which had been translated to
be presented at this gathering; Mr. Currier read more of the Words of Life, and Mr.
Edgar F. Waite sang the "Benediction," composed by Mrs. Waite, the friends joining
in the chorus. This closed the formal portion of the evening, and ushered in the material
Feast. The ladies were quite busy for awhile, and tables and plates were soon laden
with viands. Sandwiches, olives, pickles, coffee, ice cream and cake were bountifully pro-
vided and heartily enjoyed. During this portion of the evening a number of the
visiting delegates presented greetings and spoke in a happy vein. First, a message from
Honolulu was read; then the following were called upon by the Chairman, and responded
with a greeting, a Tablet, or a brief teaching: Mr. Eardley, who presented the salu-
tations of the Baltimore Assembly;' Mr Boy C. Wilhelm, brief but very much to the
point, as always, telling of his recerit trip throughout the country Miss Rpbarts, of the
Boston Assembly, with an eloquent word; Mr. Albert I-I. Hall, of Minneapolis, who stirred
the hearts of the listeners with the power'of his earnest appeal for unity; Mrs. Finch, of
Seattle, who spoke for the Pacific Coast; Mr. Remey, of Washington, responding with a
Tablet Mrs. Parmerton, of Cincinnati, with a well-chosen and' inspiring talk. Mirza
*-See page 6.

