8 STAR OF THE WEST
FOUR QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS.
Questions, sent by Professor Cairns, Edinburgh, June 2-ith, 1910:
(1) Is it right to speak of the Bab and of Baha'o'llah as Manifestations,
or as Incarnations?
(2) Do the Bahais teach the doctrine of reincarnation?
(3) Did Baha'o'llah claim to supersede the Revelation of Jesus, the
Christ?
(4) Did Baha'o'llah claim to be greater than Jesus, the Christ?
i 
Answers of Abdul-Baha (the servant of God), I-Iaifa, July 20th, 1910:
daughter of the Kingdom!
Your letter has arrived. Its contents caused spiritual happiness and
heartfelt gladness.
I wish to answer in detail, but at present my health is not very strong; I
am fatigued, so am obliged to write in short. When I feel better, I Will Write
at length, for verily, you are occupied with the Work of the Kingdom and are
serving the World of I-Iumanity, and therefore are Worthy of correspondence.
Now I will Write shortly.
1st Answer. The Bahais believe that the incarnation of the Word of God,
meaning the changing of the nature of Divinity into Humanity and the trans-
formation of the Infinite into the finite, can never be. But they believe that the
Bab and are Manifestations of a Universal Order in the world of
humanity. It is clear that the Eternal can never be transient, neither the
transient Eternal.
Transformation of nature is impossible. Perfect man, Manifestation, is like
a clear mirror in which the Sun of Reality is apparent and evident, reflected
in its endless bounties.
and An.s'we1'. In the teaching of the reincarnation of the
spirit in successive bodies is not taught.
3rd Answer. has not abolished the teachings of Christ. He
gave a fresh impulse to them and renewed them; explained and interpreted
them; expanded and fulfilled them.
Answer. has not claimed himself to be greater than
Christ. He gave the following explanation: That the Manifestations of God
are the Rising Points of one and the same Sun; i. the Sun of Reality is
One, but the places of rising are numerous. Thus, Reality is One, but it is
shining upon several mirrors.
Your own answers were good; a11d now I have myself answered in short.
Upon you be the Glory of the Most Glorious!
(Signed) ABDUL-BA1-IA Annas.
Translated by Monever Khanum*n.u_r . II: i
Q3: 
wen  
-  ,~gg\J gm)
xv .. -- -.
es>> aw  
if

