STAR OF THE WEST 5
thought that your glory is everlasting, or did ye dream that your kingdom
would remain.forever? No, by the life of God! Your glory is not eternal,
and our humiliation will not last. This humiliation is the diadem of all the
glories, and only man in his perfection can comprehend it.
When this Youth was a child and had not yet reached the age of maturity,
one of my brothers intended to marry in Teheran and according to the custom
of that country, for seven days and nights they were engaged in feasting and
banqueting. The program for the last day of the entertainments for the
guests was the play of Sultan Salim. The ministers, the grandees and officials
of the city were there in a great throng, and this Youth was sitting in one of
the galleries of the building and was observing the scenes.- Then they raised a
great tent in the middle of the court; representations of human forms only a
few inches in height would come out of the tent and cry: "The king is coming,
arrange the seats in,order." Then the other figures came out, sweeping the
ground While a number were sprinkling the streets with water; then another
picture was presented, who was supposed to be the herald, acquainting the
people to be ready for review before His Majesty, the Sultan.
Then the ministers came, with hat and shawl, according to the Persian
custom; others were present with clubs, while a number of others were garbed
as chamberlains, aides-de--camp, ferrashes and executioners with instruments
of punishment. All these men were lined according to their station and class.
At last the king appeared, with sovereign power and shining diadem upon his
head, and with splendor and glory walked slowly and majestically, and with
perfect calmness, tranquility and composure, seated himself upon the throne.
At that moment the noise of the guns and the music of the national anthem
was raised, and the smoke surrounded the tent and the king. When the air
was cleared, it was seen that the king was o-n his throne, and the ministers,
the magistrates and secretaries had taken their places according to their rank.
Immediately, a thief, captured by the police, was brought before the king, and
a royal order was issued to behead him. Then the chief of the executioners
took the captive and decapitated him, and a red fluid, which was like blood, was
seen by all the spectators. While the Sultan was consulting with some of his
ministers, the news was brought in that a certain person had become a rebel.
The Sultan issued orders that several regiments of soldiers and artillerymen
be sent to the scene and quell the disturbance. After a few minutes the
thunderous noise of guns and artillery was heard behind the tent, and we were
told they were engaged in battle. This Youth became astonished and be-
wildered at these affairs. Then the review ended and the curtain descended.
After twenty minutes a man came out from behind the tent with a box
under his arm. I asked him, "Wl1at is this box? Where is the king and all
the men?" He answered that all these great things and manifest objects, such
as kings, princes and ministers, glory, majesty, power and sovereignty that we
beheld were enclosed in this box.
I declare by the Lord who has created all things through His Word, that
from that day all the conditions of this world and its greatness are like that
play before the eyes of this Youth. It has not nor will ever have the weight
of a mustard seed. I was wondering greatly that the people glorify themselves
in these affairs, notwithstanding this, the people of insight will discern with
the of certainty the end of the glory of every great one before beholding
it. I have -seen nothing except I have discerned its transiency, and God testifies
to this. It is incumbent upon every soul in these few days of life to spend
them in truthfulness and justice and if he be not confirmed with the knowledge
of the True One, he can atleast walk in the path of equity and intelligence.

