STAR OF THE WEST 5
appellation. am simply a serv-ant of God," he said, "and I do not wis.h to be called
anything more than that." l--Ie assured me that he has no desire to found another
sect. "The foundation truth of Ba;ha'u'llah is the fou.nd'a.tion truth of all religions.
The p-rinciples of the prophets of Israel and of Jesus C-hrist and of other religious
teachers have been largely forgotten; Ba.ha'u'1lah has renewed them. Therefo-re, the
Bah-ais have for the folloW'e-rs of other religio>>n.s the greatest love and yearning, be-
cau.se they know that mankind is 0-ne. Baha'u'1lah seeks' to promote and establish
friendship and union. addresses himself not to a sect, but to the whole world. We
are all branches of one root, blades of grass in one m.e-adow. It is misunderstanding
that has caused divisions and between mankinid. If the truth were
brought to people they would unde-rstand that they are all one, -and each wo-uld say,
Th'is is the truth I have been 'looking, for. Because the principles taught by every
true pro-phet are the same; th.ere is no difference between them.
"What is the distinctiveness 0-f the Bahai faith? what is its special contribution
to W0-rld-religion?"
"T'he proclamation of the unity orf mankind, and peace betwee-n all
nations and also the renovation o-f the teaching of the prophets whom God has sent
to the world, and its presentation in a form suitable to our time. When Baha'u'1lah
appeared in the East proclaiming the unity o-f mankind all the powers of Persia were
directed against him but in spite of all oppo-sition he spread his message. For fifty
years he endured, often in chains, the greatest suffering; fo-u-r time-s he was exiled
from country to country but his voice could not be silenced, his influence could not
be stopped. As a result of his life and teaching the different sects of Persia are be-
coming one family of God; the Mo-hammedans, Christians, Jews, Zoro-astrians who
have accepted Bahaism are now in the greatest unity and harmony. There is no
more any war between them; each honours the head of other religions: Mussulmans
are hono-uring Moses and Christ; Christians are hono>>uri.ng Mohammed and Moses;
Jews are honouring Jesus and Mohammed. They have learned to love one another,
and are becoming one. The cause of unity is the cause of life itself, it is divine;
that which leads to division or hatred is satanic. Religion should make fo-r unity.
The prophets did not co-me to bring about di-s-trust and separation. Ignorance is the
cause of division a.nd hatred. Religion is like medicine; it is meant to cure, but in
the hands of unskilled or bad physicians what shoruld effect a cure may create disease,
wih-at should give life may cause death. Therefore we must strive with all our
strength, with all o-ur heart, to pro-mote only that which leads to unity and life."
It is not surprising that people in increasing numbers are attracted to the Bahai
faith by its oatholicity, the lo-ftiness of its ethic, the simplicity of its teaching, its
complete fre-edom from narrow and exclusive do-gma. It has no organization, no
hierarchy; no ritual, no fixed p-laces and times 0-f meeting; in short, it is spirit and
life. It doe-s not seek to p-roselytise; you can be a Bahai without ceasing to be a.
Christian, a Jew, or a Mohammedan. There are adherents of the Bahai faith in
every country in the world; in Chicago a organ has appeared, STAB
or TI-IE printed partly in English and p-artly in Persian. There is a consid-
erable body o-f Ba.h.ai teaching 0-f which some particulars have already appeared in
The Christian Commonwealth, and further accounts will be given from time to time;
the essentials of the faith may be gathered from Ab-d.ul Baha'-s utterances given above
and below. Foll-owing the practice o-f Ba.ha'u'llah, Abbas Elffendi issues from time to
time written tablets fo-r the edificration of Bahais and all who care to read them. He
volunteered to write one such for The 00/mmonw-ealth; this, in Persian
character, will be re-produce-d in facsimile in our next issue, together with a summary
in English.
It has been my good fortune to meet Abdul Baha. several times during the past
week. In one conversation I sought his impres-sio-ns of England. Coming straight
through to London, and having so far had only a few motor drives in the West End,
he has not had much opportunity of observing the 1ife- and habits of the people gen-
erally, but already he has been much impressed by the freedom. we enjoy. admire
the liberty you have in England -and the use you make of it," he said. "Every person
in this country can go his own way and say what he thinks without anyone making
him afraid; in fact., he is king of himself."
"Do you consider we have too liberty?"
"Oh, no; you all seem to be perfectly comfortable and perfectly safe. Freedom
of thought and speech enlarges the circle of one's understanding and leads to progress
and unity. English people ought to- be happy."
Ab-dul Bah-a is married, and has had eight children, four of who-in are living.

