8 STAR OF THE WEST
the charming young Persian girl who expects to make America her home for the
next four years:
For ages past the life of the Persian woman has been a monotonous dream, and on ac-
count of the stringent restrictions which hate been imposed upon her by the so-called lord
and master of creation she has been kept in the background. The laws which were falsely
instituted by the religious body of the country demanded her entire seclusion and her non-
association with man. If she ever took any such privileges her life would have been for-
feited. She could not take part in those activities which would naturally develop her innate
noble nature. She was considered as an inferior being, created from a rib of man, a' weak
creature" who had to be looked after and in order to Win the gracious smile of her husband
she had to become less than a shadow and more of a fairy. Talk of freedom, she did not
know even its meaning; she was a mere chattel in the household, and as such she had no
right or power.
However, the time when she was satisfied and put up with these dreary conditions is
past. Since the declaration of the constitutional regime there has been great progress
among the Women of Persia. Notwithstanding the strenuous opposition of the priesthood,
scores of modern schools have been established in different parts of the country where
girls are educated and the new ideals of life inculcated in their careers. This new order
of things is amply demonstrated by the presence of Ghodsia Khanum in this gathering.
She has traveled thousands of miles and has risked everything in the search for knowledge.
This is the first instance in the history of the modern development of Persian women that
they have consented to send one of their number so far away. It is a great compliment to
America, a testimony to the courage and fearlessness of Persian women and a demonstra-
tion of the usefulness of this Society. If this Society has not accomplished during its short
and yet useful career but this one service, it has amply shown it is a living and dynamic
organ, which will work in the future for the higher progress and advancement of Persian
women. A few years ago it would have been impossible for any Persian woman to leave
her country, for such a clamor would have been raised from the clergy as to create social
chaos and disorder. But now We hope the chains are broken, the doors are opened and from
now on many others will come every year to enter the colleges and seminaries in America,
be imbued with the principles of social freedom and equality and carry back the same to
their own sisters.
Ghodsia, eldest daughter of Mirza Fazl 'Ullah Khan, was born in Teheran,
Persia, Nov. 22, 1889. From her childhood she manifested a great desire for
learning. Her preliminary training was received in the Persian Girls' School,
after which she spent two years in the American School of Teheran. Her father
having been born a Bahai, had always encouraged her in seeking knowledge.
Abdul-Baha granted her permission to come to America to prepare herself for
teaching, and when her studies here are completed she expects to return to Persia
to assist in the educational work there. Ghodsia is the first Persian girl who re-
moved the veil, left her home and crossed land and sea for the sake of uplifting
her people. She left Teheran April 16th, arriving in America June 3, 1911,
and is now enrolled as a student a.t the Lewis Institute in Chicago.
Address delivered' by Ghodsta Ashmf Khanum, of Tehcmn, Persia, before the Conference
of Perstaat-American Educational Society on Fniday, Jane 16, 1.911,
held in Washington, D. C.
I have come to America as the first Persian woman who has left her country to be
educated abroad. I have heard that the Americans have much sympathy and aifection for
the Persians, who are so eager to study at this time. I am sure you will be glad to hear

