4 STAR OF THE WEST
of separation now as it used to be; the cause of disunion now is mostly preju-
dice.
Heaven has blessed this day. It was said that London should be a place
for a great proclamation of the Message. I was tired when I boarded the
steamer, b-ut when I reached London and beheld the faces of the believers, my
fatigue left me. Your grea.t love refreshes me. I am. very pleased with the
English believers.
The feeling that- existed between the East and the West is changing in the
Light of teaching. It used to be that if a Westerner drank
from the cup 0-f an Easterner the cup would be thought polluted, and the
Easterner would break it. Now it is, with believers, that when a Vilesterner
dines with an Easterner, the vessels and the plates that he has used are kept
apart and reverenced in his memory.
One day -some soldiers came to the ho-use of a believer and asked for one of
his guests to be brought to- them, that they might take him to his execution,
according to their warrant. The host gave himself up in his guest 's place and
.v as killed in his stead. This is an instance of true brotherly love.
Be kind! to all strangers. Those who come from all parts of the world,
make them feel at home. Speak to those -from Turkey, Japan, Persia, China,
all countries, find out where they liveservice to them.
The English are so polite and conventional that to Eastern-ers they often seem
cold. You must forget conventiona.lity when you speak with them, they are
not accustomed to these Ways.
V\Then you se-e a foreigner, perhaps you think he is a thief, or even a mur-
derer; you think you must be careful. Don't think of yourself. Even if what
you suspect be true, still go out of your way to be kind to- will help
them to become better.
Let those who meet you know witho-ut your saying so that you are a Bahai.
You must manifest the mo-st sincere love for all. Your hearts must burn with
love for all. Let the people see that you are fill-ed with universal love. If you
meet a Persian, talk with him without ceremony, ask where he lives and try
to help him. Likewise speak to all strangers who seem lonely and give th-em
your willing service. Be loving to them, Turks, Arabs, Indians, Chinese, Amen
icans, apanese--all. If they are poor, help them with money; if they are sad,
comfort them; if they are distraught, quiet them; till all the World shall see
that you have in truth the universal love. It is all very well for you to say
that you agree with all this, that it is you must put it into practice.
The "reality" of man is his material body. Although
man is part of the animal creation, he posse-sses a power of thought superior
to the rest of the created beings. If his thought is directed continually towards

