6 STAR OF WEST
the attainment of their beauty and proportion depending on the love and
unity with which they sustain each other and seek the Life eternal. The
friends of God should become the manifestors in this world of this mercy
and love. They should not dwell on the shortcomings of others. Ceaselessly
should they be thinking how they may benefit others and show service and
co-operation. Thus should they regard every stranger, putting aside such
prejudices and superstitions as might prevent friendly relations.
To-day the noblest person is he who bestows upon his enemy the pearl of
generosity, and is a beacon-light to the misguided and the oppressed. This is
the command of Baha'u'llah.
dear friends! the world is in a warlike condition, and its races are hos-
tile one to the other. The darkness of difference surrounds them, and the
light of kindness grows dim. The foundations of society are destroyed and
the banners of life and joy are overthrown. The leaders of the people seem
to glory in the shedding of blood--Friendship, straightness, and truthfulness
are despised. . . .
The call to arbitration, to peace, to love, and to loyalty is the call of
Baha'u'llah. His standard floats since fifty years, summoning all of what-
ever race and creed.
ye friends of God! acknowledge this pure light; direct the people who
are in ignorance, chanting the melodies of the Kingdom of God, until the dead
body of mankind quickens with a new life.
Guide the people of God. Inspire them to emulate the lives of the holy
ones who have gone before. Be ye kind in reality, not in appearance only.
Be ye fathers to the orphans, a remedy to the sick, a treasury of wealth to
the poor, a protector of the unfortunate.
Wl1e1"e love dwells, there is light! Where animosity dwells, there is dark-
nessl
friends of God! strive to dissipate the darkness and reveal the hidden
meanings of things, until their Reality becomes clear and established in the
sight of all.
This Congress is one of the greatest of events. It will be forever to the
glory of England that it was established at her capital. It is easy to accept
a truth; but it is difficult to be steadfast in it; for the tests are many and
heavy. It is well seen that the British are firm, and are not turned
aside, being neither ready to begin a matter for a little While, nor prone to
abandon it for a little reason. Verily, in every undertaking they show firmness.
ye people! cause this thing to be not a thing of words, but of deeds.
Some congresses are held only to increase difierences. Let it not be so with
you. Let your effort be to find harmony. Let Brotherhood be felt and seen
among you; and carry ye its quickening power throughout the world. It is
my prayer that the work of the Congress will bear great fruit.
BAHA Asses.

