4 STAR OF THE WEST
Mons. Dreyfus then presented Madam Olga de Novosky, one of the
party, as one "who is serving the Cause in Paris an.d wherever she may 
Abdul-Baha said: "There is no difference between Paris and Lo-ndon.
All these limitations, all these divisions into various nationalities are- due to
the weakness of man. If man's mind were broad enough," he said, tapping
his brow, "if it Were strong enough, these divisions Would vanish. The earth
is God's earth and all the peoples of the world are under" His grace and
favour."
The portrait of Dr. Platon Drakoules, of Athens, a leading Greek re-
former, was shown to him. He objected to the use of the term "leader" but
blessed his work and also that of the "active people" of the "Unity Church,"
four of whom Were present, and sent salutations to all its members, saying.
"You are striving to please God. Today all distinctions between man and
m'an fall away; there only remains the degree of striving to serve. who
serves most is nearest to God. The satisfaction of mankind is the satisfaction
of God."
Again looking at the picture of Dr. Drakoules, he said t-o Mrs. Drakoules:
"From this portrait I gather the goodness and spirituality of your husband."
Then he said, rising from his chair, pray for God to bless you and help
you all.
On the 12th of September, Mrs. Thornburgh-Cropper gave her second
"A.t Home" to the friends of Abdul-Baha. There were about forty-five pres-
ent. Abdul-Baha gave the following discourse:
"Thanks be to God, this is a good meeting. It is very enlightened; it is
spiritual; it is heavenly. As has been said by a Persian poet, the celestial
globe is in such a form that the under part is, as it were, a reflection of the
upper part. That is to say, whatever exists in heaven is reflected in this
world. Now, praise be to God that this meeting of ours is a reflection from
the Heavenly Concourse. It is as though we had taken a mirror and gazed
into it. This reflection from the Heavenly Concourse is love. As harmony
and love exists in the Supreme Concourse, so it is reflected here. In the
Supreme Concourse the desire fo-r God exists and thank God it is here also.
Therefore, if we say that this meeting is heavenly, it is true. \/Vhy? Be-
cause we have no other desire except for that which comes from God. V\7e
have no other object save the mentioning of God.
"Some of the people of the earth desire conquest over others; some of
them are longing for rest and ease; others desire a high position; some of
them desire to become famous; thank God that our desire is for spirituality
and for union with God.
"Now that we are gathered here our desire is to hoist the Standard of
the Unity of God, to spread the Light of God and to make the hearts of the
people heavenly. Therefore I th.ank God that He is causing us to do this
great work.

