STAR OF THE WEST
V51. II Chicago (September 8, 1911) TNO. 
TABLETS FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab.
To Mohammad Ali Khan, Teheran, Persia.
rm Is eon!
thou intimate compamovtl
The flame of reformation is ignited in the heart and soul-of Persia and the
spirit of every real reformer is longing for better conditions. For Persia is
sick and is suffering with intense agony. But the children of the East are
abiding under the shade of the banner of discord and are complete-ly heedless
and veiled. Now, What remedy can be applied"? The sick Persia is {lying
away from the physician; nay, rather that thirsty one is depriving himself
of the sea of the salubrious Water of health. Therefore, this exiled one
has found no other alternative than to turn his face towards the ii/Vest and
raise the melody of the Kingdom; for to a certain degree the insight of the
people in those parts is open and they are familiar and associate with reason
and understanding. \/Vhen Joseph found that his envious brothers and his
jealous relations and friends were heedless and unmindful, he unveiled his face
in the market of the Egyptians. so that in exile he might destroy the foundation
of strangeness and raise the banner of unity. Therefore, it is the aim of this
exiled one, that, God Willing, he may become the Herald and carry the glad-
tidings of the Kingdom to the empires of the "Test, Perchance the splendor
of the Beauty of the real Most Great my life be a
sacrifice to Him shine from the countries of the Occident; and I beg
of God that the glances of mercifulness may assist.
I hope that the bounties of the True One may become realized in thee,
but it is conditional upon thy serving the Real Master and living in accord
with the manners and behavior of the real Bahais and showing the utmost
sincerity and beauty of intention.
Upon thee be the Glory of God!
(S-igneol) ABBAS.
To Anna Dahl, Pittsburgh, Pa.
HE is 
than seeker of Trm'~h!
Thy letter Was received and thy thankfulness became evident. Glorifi-
cation of God is the cause of attraction of confirmation and draws down the
bounties of the Glorious Lord. Therefore the glances of the providence of

