STAR 9F THE WEST
Vol. II Chicago (April 28, 1911) Jamal N0. 3
WORDS OF 
my servant! Joseph! Hear the tone of God and do not com~
pare this day with any other day, neither the wonderful, sweet Word of
God with any other words; look to the apparent matters with thine own
eye, and do not follow anyone in knowing the Greatest and Brilliant Orb.
In this day, the beloved of God must not hesitate or delay an instant
in teaching the Cause of the Manifestation, and must summon the people
continually, with great admonition and conciliating words, to the Religion
of Majestic Oneness; because, verily, in this day, to the soul who is the
cause of guidance to another soul the recompense of a martyr in the way
of God will be assuredly recorded by the Pen of the'Cause, for his deed.
MM
THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN MATERIAL CIVILIZATION AND
DIVINE CIVILIZATION.
TABLET FROM ABDUL--BAHA. 
To Mr. Arthur S. Agnew, Chicago, Ill. Upon him be 
HE IS con!
Thou Servant of the Beauty of ABHAI
I received thy letter, and the books that thou hadst sent have been re-
ceived. Convey, on my behalf, most wonderful ABHA, greetings unto Mr.
Albert R. Windust, Miss Gertrude Buikema and Miss Mary Lesch. During
hours of leisure, when in the middle of the night I engage in supplications,
I shall beg for assistance and favor in their behalf. Indeed, they have made
a great effort in the printing and publication of the Letters Tablets).T
As to the difference between the natural physical or material)
civilization which is in the present day in force, and the Divine civilization
which shall be of the results of The House of Iusticez The material civ-
ilization prevents and safeguards people from committing evil deeds, through
the force of the laws of retaliation and correction. Thus, you see how
proliibitory laws and rules of correction are constantly in circulation and yet,
by no means, any (adequate) law of retribution is to be found; and in all
the cities of Europe and America spacious prison buildings have been founded
and established for correcting and punishing the criminals.
But the Divine civilization will so train mankind that no soul will commit
crimes, except rare (or few) individuals, which exception is of no impor-
tance whatsoever. Consequently, there is much difference between preventing
people from evil actions and crimes through correction and retaliation or
through violent punishment, and so 'training them, enlightening them and
First of a series of Tablets containing Exhortations to moral and spiritual develop-
ment. 'l'Re_fer_s to the con_ipilation_of three volumes of "Tablets of Abdul-Baha," by the
Bahai Publishing Society in America.

