2 STAR OF THE 
CONTENTS OF PERSIAN SECTION.
Our Persian section this issue contains: (1) a brief account of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab's
recent visit to New York City; (2) illustration of a thirty-six-story building to be erected
in that city; (3) quotations from two recent Tablets from Abdul-Baha regarding his
coming to America; (4) news of the Cause in Abade, Persia, mentioning the organization
of Mahfele Entezam and a branch of the Tarbiat school; (5) local news of the Cause in
Rasht telling of the organization of Mahfele Morattab; (6) news from Gazvin that
articles have been written in newspapers against the STAR OF THE (7) answer of the
Editor to the said articles; (8) an article from Bakon, pertaining to the benefits of \/Vest-
ern civilization, and pointing out some of the shortcomings of Oriental countries; (9)
extract from Tablet regarding the progress of the Cause in America and Japan, and that
Americans should prepare to go to China to teach the Truth; (10) departure of the five
American financial advisers, with their wives and children, to Teheran; (11) suggestion
is made to the Persians to sendtheir young men and women to American schools to be
educated, just as both Iapan and China have Chinese government n0W educat-
ing nearly 2,000 students in American colleges, who will return to and he engaged in
improving the condition of their native land; (12) letter from the Teheran friends to 'the
American friends, praising them for their zeal in serving the Cause and expressing happi-
ness at the news that Abdul-Baha may visit America.
 
LONDON, ENGLAND, NEWS NOTES.
On February 25th, a meeting was held
especially for Mr. W. Tudor-Pole to meet
the Bahais, and speak to them of his visit
to Abdul-Baha, and in what ways we
could best forward the Cause. _He urged
that we should remain in. existing organ-
izations as far as possible, endeavoring to
spiritualize them and to communicate the
Bahai spirit to the others within those or-
ganizations, rather than by coming out and
forming new assemblies, which might only
result in a new sect. He read a transla-
tion of Abdul-Baha's beautiful address to
be delivered before the First Races_Con-
gress, to be held here this summer, in the
University of London, Iuly 26-29. This
address will be published in the volume is-
sued by the Congress and can afterwards
appear in the STAR or pun Wnsr. This Con-
gress is the child of the Union of Ethical
Societies of America and England. Prof.
Felix Adler started the idea. _It is sup-
ported from_ over fifty countries, and by
thirty Presidents of Parliament, forty
Colonial Bishops, some hundred and thirty
Professors of I1'llIEUR1'1l3.t101'18.l_ Law, besides
others too numerous to mention here. The
prime purpose of the Congress is to culti-
vote mutual knowledge and respect be;
tweeai Occidental Oriental peoples.
So Mr. Tudor-Pole _thought it our duty
as Bahais to do all in our power to help
to make this wonderful Congress a suc-
cess. We can at least all do something
to make it more known and induce others
to join it as either active or passive mem-
bers, at $5.25, or for which sum the
passive member will receive all the litera-
ture, "a veritable on the race
question." Write for the prospectus to Mr.
G. Spiller, 63 South Hill Park, Hamp-
stead, London, N. W.
On March lst, Archdeacon Wilberforce
spoke in his church, St. _Tohn's, Westmin-
ster, London, on our Movement, and in his
sermon the following Sunday answered
many questions he had received by post.
How much interest this has created is
shown by the fact that within the follow-
ing ten days, Mr. Mayle sold 220 copies
of Mr. Spragu-e's "Story of the Bahai
Movement," clearing out the last of the
second edition. A third one is now in
hand. Although 10,000 copies of this book-
let have been distributed, yet only a small
proportion of the people have heard of
the Bahais.
A Unitarian minister at Highgate has
asked for a Bahai to speak, from his pul-
pit, of the Faith whereby he lives. Miss
jack, who was some time teaching Eng-
lish to the daughters of Abdul-Baha, has
now taken a studio at 13 Hanover street,
London, W., where she is at home to any
interested in the Cause on Sunday after-
noons, 4 to 6' o'cl0ck. We have a definite
centre now at Mr. Ed.
Theo. Hale, 1 North Street, Higher
Broughton. He writes "that the flame burns
undimmed on these little Manchester al-
tars."
--Arthur Cuthbert.

