2 STAR OF WEST
PERSIAN-AMERICAN EDUCATIONAL SOCIETY.
ANNOUNCEMENT or THE ANNUAL CONFERENCE, JUNE 16-18, 1911, WASHINGTON, D. C.
This Society, which is the first of its kind organized and incorporated in America,
will hold the Annual Conference, provided by its Constitution, at Washington, Friday,
Saturday and Sunday, June 16, 17 and 18, 1911.
The object of the organization is to bring these two countries together in ties of
mutual interests: commercial, educational, moral and intellectual.
It is hoped that the Conference will be attended by people of afiairs and public-
spirited citizens. You are cordially invited to be present or represented, and correspond-
ence withthe Secretary is suggested, concerning any of the 'following
SPECIAL FEATURES
I. By attending the session of this Conference, to learn of the objects, methods and
plans of the Society.
II. All who will attend, or be represented, should notifyr the Secretary of their
intention by June 10.
Delegates and representatives from other associations, commercial, educational
and industrial institutions and bodies will be heartily welcomed, and if the response
justifies such action avspecial session will bearranged for the expression of their opinions.
IV. At the conference, the aims and objects of the Persian American Educational
Society will be discussed by various speakers.
V. Means for the establishment of closer relations between Persia and America will
be developed.
VI. A new and broader Constitution, framed by a Special Committee, will be pre-
sented for adoption.
VII. Reports of Work done during the past year will be submitted and a program
for the activities of the coming year will be outlined.
As Persia has just engaged the services of five American financial advisers to
organize the fiscal system of that Empire, this makes it apparent that in the near future
these two countries will be brought much closer together from every practical standpoint.
The usefulness of this Society in the establishment of commercial and industrial rela-
tions can scarcely be measured at this important juncture.
IX. With the establishment of a. -strong Constitutional Government in Persia, the
enactment of just and beneficial laws by the National Parliament, the encouragement of
friendly relations and the undertaking of various industrial and commercial projects, there
is a vast and limitless field for American capitalists and manufacturers, as well as
boundless opportunities for educational propaganda, and this Society will be able to assist
materially all interested inquirers.
The foregoing, together with the fact that-this is thefirst Conference of its kind ever
held, indicates the great importance of the gathering, and your attendance or representa-
tion is again urgei WILLIAM Hons, President,'
MIRZA AHMAD S01-IRAB, Treasurer; os. H. HANNEN, Secretary.
General ofiices, 1800 Belmont Road, Washington, D. C.

Since the last printed report, $300 has been sent to Persia for scholarships, thus
making the total $1,000; also the following scholarships in the P. A. E. S. have been
renewed for another year. The ofiicers feel particularly gratified in noting that prac-
tically all of the scholarships of the first year have been renewed, thus indicating that
the movement has already assumed permanence as an instrumentality of good:
No. 8, Miss Charlotte Segler, New York City.
No. 18, Miss Mary Lesch, Chicago, ]1l.
No. 21, Mr. L. W. Foster and Miss L. James, Chicago, Ill.
No. 20, Mr. Lars Johnson, Chicago, Ill.
No. 23, Miss Gertrude Buikema, Miss P. Casselberry and Mrs. Eva Webster Russell,
of Chicago, Ill.
No.
Chicago,
No
No
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
24, Mrs. Cecilia Harrison, Mrs. Emily Olsen and Mr. J. W. I/Voodworth, of
Ill
26, Mrs. S. Scheffler and Mr. Charles Schefiler, of Chicago, Ill.
29, Mr. J. Nelson, Mrs. Ida Brush and Mrs. B. Grayson, of Chicago, Ill.
40, Miss M. Billet, of New York City.
28, Mrs. Jessie Bonds, of Chicago, Ill.
42, Mr. John D. Bosch, of Geyserville, Cal.
30, Mr. J. E. Latimer, of Portland, Ore.
31, Portland Bahai Assembly, of Portland, Ore.
A new scholarship is reported, that of the Bahai Assembly of Spokane, Wash., which
is 64, JOSEPH H. HANNEN, Secretary.

