STAR OF THE WEST 5
'Abdu'l Balia, now sixty-seven years of age, has written many letters and tablets explain-
ing the teaching referred to above. The present writer recently had the privilege of see-
him in Egypt. where he met at his table representatives of the great World 
Christians, Jews, Moslems, Buddhists, Zoroastrians.
It is est-iinated that in Persia alone there are at least two million Bahais. The total
number throughout the World must be very considerable (in the United States alone there
are, it is said, several thousand).
Probably about two-thirds of the avowed Bahais are drawn from the Mahomedan 
the remaining third belonging to other great World faiths.
'Abdu'l Baha sends the following letter, conveying his greetings to the Congress. It
will be noted that the unification of races is not intended to mean the suppression of their
different characteristics in order that they may be blended into one, but that these very
ditfercnces are necessary to constitute a harmonious Whole, and that the duty of this age
is to recognize the possibilities of development Within each race in order that, in a spirit
of love, mankind, the world over, may co-operate in working for Universal Peace]
W. T. P.
LETTER FROM BAHA TO THE FIRST UNIVERSAL RACES
CONGRESS
Wlien travelling about the World we observe an air of prosperity in any
country, We find it to be due to the existence of love and friendship among the
people. If, on the contrary, all seems depressed and poverty-stricken, We may
feel assured that this is the effect of animosity, and of the absence of union
among the inhabitants.
Notwithstanding that such a state of things is obvious to the passing trav-
eller, hovv often the people themselves continue in the sleep of negligence, or
occupy themselves in disputes and differences, and are even ready to slaughter
their fellovv-men!
Consider thoughtfully the continual integration and disintegration of the
phenomenal universe. . . . Unification and constructive combination is the
cause of Life. Disunion of particles brings about loss, Weakness, dispersion,
and decay.
Consider the varieties of flowers in a garden. They seem but to enhance
the loveliness of each other. Vilhen differences of color, ideas, and character
are found in the human Kingdom, and come under the control of the power
of Unity, they too show their essential beauty and perfection.
Rivalry between the different races of mankind was first caused by the
struggle for existence among the Wild animals. This struggle is no longer
necessary: nay, rather! interdependence and co-operation are seen to produce
the highest Welfare in nations. The struggle that now continues is caused by
prejudice and bigotry.
To-day nothing but the power of the Divine Word, Which embraces the
Reality of all things, can draw together the minds, hearts, and spirits of the
world under the shadow of the heavenly Tree of Unity.
The Light of the Word is now shining on all horizons. Races and nations,
with their different creeds, are coming under the influence of the Wo1"d of
Unity in love and in peace.
The Blessed One, Baha'u'llah, likens the existing World to a tree, and the
people to its fruits, blossoms and leaves. All should be fresh and vigorous,

