STAR OF THE WEST 5
tributors, as well as to all who have aided in carrying on the work in numberless ways
and countless instances. Really, the generosity developed by this undertaking is mar-
velous, even in a Cause which is marked by consistent altruism.
As it seemed important to secure catalogues of agricultural, mining, telephone and
railway machinery and supplies, etc., the Society "has been fortunate enough to obtain
the insertion of a notice in the Daily Consular and Trade Reports of the Bureau of
Manufactures. This has been followed by the receipt of many letters from all over the
United States, from various factories. Catalogues to the number of 150 have been sent,
covering a wide field of manufactures. These catalogues, received almost daily, are for-
Warded to Teheran at the close of each week. It is proposed to open an office in Teheran,
display these catalogues, invite the public, and have an interpreter on hand to explain to
visitors the usefulness of the machinery described. Beside this, the addresses of the
friends in ten cities have been supplied to the various factories, so that they may send
their catalogues direct to the friends in Persia, and we have received replies from these
factories advising us that they have forwarded the literature.
The matter of telephone installation in Esphahan and photographic supplies for
Tabriz has been taken up, and we have forwarded to -each of these cities catalogues
information along these specific lines, and hope good results will be accom-
p1S .
Through these means the attention of the people of Persia is being directed, in a
practical way, to the products of America, and through this means commercial inter-
course will be established, to the advantage of both the East and the West.
From the Department of Agriculture, the Department of the Interior, the Commis-
sioner of Education and the Marine Hospital Service, we receive regularly all bulletins
issued from these various departments and mail them at the end of every week to
Teheran. It is suggested that a Board of Translators be formed in Teheran, to trans-
late and circulate these splendid bulletins among the public, for the diffusion of culture
and the spread of knowledge.
It is also suggested that all the Bahai schools in the different parts of Persia be
merged into one administration and one name, "Tarbiat," and a complete and thorough
system of preliminary education be evolved by the Educational Committee in Teheran
with the co--operation of the Society here for all these schools.
Through the active co--operation of Mrs. Herman, of Philadelphia, we are in com-
munication with the Director of the Commercial Museum of Philadelphia, and after ad-
vising him of our various needs he has inserted our name in the Weekly bulletin of that
institution, and this, going all over the country to manufacturers, has produced very
gratifying results.
The appointment of five Americans as Financial Advisers to the Persian Government,
recently arranged through the State Department, will, no doubt, stimulate our work.
These advisers sail for Persia during the current month, and this official recognition of
American prestige will naturally be followed by a public desire to know more about our
country, which this Society will be able to gratify.
Our hearty thanks are due to the Assistant Librarian, Miss Margaret Green, who is
working for the Society most effectively and" unselfishly.
The increasing expense of postage, while nearly all the funds received have been for
scholarships, makes it necessary that additional cash be made available, and contributions
for the postage expenses will be welcomed from our sympathetic friends.
The following new scholarships have been subscribed since the last report, viz:
57
No. . Pasadena Bahai Assembly, Pasadena, Cal.
No. 58. N. R. Vakil and Mr. I-Iashmatullah, Bombay, India.
No. 59. Mr. Mountfort Mills, New' York City.
No. 60. Mrs. Harriet M. Cline, Los Angeles, Cal.
No. 61. Mr. and Mrs. Killius, Spokane, Wash.
No. 62. Mr. Frank D. Clark, Buffalo, N. Y.
No. 63. Mrs. Frank D. Clark, Buffalo, N. Y.
Scholarships _,renewed for the second year as follows:
No 2
. . Madame Vera de Blumenthal, Russia.
o. 4. Mrs. I. C. de Lagnel, Washington,"Prof. Arthur D. Mayo, Washington, D. C.
Miss Flora Raymond, Washington, D.
Mrs. Claudia S. Coles and Mr. Louis G. Gregory, Washington, C.
Ios. S. Stauss, Cincinnati, O.
Mr. and Mrs. Goodale, Kenosha, Wis.
Mr. B. R. Taylor, Cincinnati, O.
Mrs. J. F. Roberts, Brockville, Ontario, Canada.
Mrs. Agnes S. Parsons, Washington, D. C.
Mrs. Helen S. Goodall, San Francisco, Cal.
C1

