2 STAR OF THE WEST
MANKIND IN COUNCIL.
FIRST UNIVERSAL RACES CONGRESS.
A Congress, which promises to be one of the most influential of our time, is to be
held in London July 26-29, 1911, in the central building of the University of London.
The list of those who have extended to it their moral support is most imposing. Among
the supporters, who hail from no less than fifty countries, are over twenty-five Presidents
of Parliaments, the majority of the Members of the Permanent Court of Arbitration
and of the Delegates to the Second Hague Conference, twelve British Governors and
eight British Premiers, over forty Colonial Bishops, some hundred and thirty Pro-
fessors of International Law, the leading _Anthropologists and Sociologists, the ofiicers
and the majority of the Council of the Inter-Parliamentary Union, and other dis-
tinguished personages. The list of the writers' of papers includes eminent representa-
tives of over twenty civilizations, and every paper referring to a particular people is
prepared by some one of high standing belonging to it.
The object of the Congress will be to discuss, in the light of modern knowledge
and the modern conscience, the general relations subsisting between the peoples of the
West and those of the East, between the so-called white and so-called colored peoples,
with a view to encouraging between them a fuller understanding, the most friendly
feelings, and a heartier cooperation. Political issues of the hour will be subordinated
to this comprehensive end, in the firm belief that when once mutual respect is estab-
lished, difficulties of every type will be synipathetically approached and readily solved.
The origin of this Congress is easily explained. The interchange of material and
immaterial wealth between the different races of mankind has of late years assumed
such dimensions that the old attitude of distrust and aloofness is giving way to a
general desire for closer acquaintanceship. Out of this interesting situation has sprung
the idea of holding a Congress where the representatives of the different races might
meet each other, face to face, and might, in friendly intercourse, further the cause of
mutual trust and respect between Occident and Orient, between the so-called white peoples
and the so-called colored peoples.
Accordingly the Congress will not represent a meeting of all the races for the purpose
of discussing indiscriminately everybody's concerns. It will not discuss purely European
questions, such as the relations existing between or within the diifcreiit European countries;
nor, of course, will it discuss the attitude of Europe towards the United States, or towards
other American Republics representing races of European descent. Again, whilst wholly
sympathetic towards all measures calculated. to strengthen and promote good rela-
tions, the Congress is pledged to no political party and to no particular scheme of reforms.
The writers of papers will, however, have the full right to express whatever political views
they may hold, though they will be expected to do justice to all political parties and to treat
the issues of the day only passingly. Furthermore, the "Congress will not be purely scien-
tific in the sense of only stating facts and not passing judgments. Nor will it be a peace
congress in the sense of aiming specifically at the prevention of war. Finally,-it should
be noted that, since the Congress is to serve the purpose of bringing about healthier rela-
tions bet-ween Occident and Orient, all bitterness towards parties, peoples, or governments
will be avoided, Without, of course, excluding reasoned praise and blame. With the problem
simplified in this manner, and with a limi-ted number of papers written by leading authori-
ties, Who will elucidate the object of the Congress, there is every hope that the discussions
will bear a rich harvest of good, and contribute materially towards encouraging friendly
feelings and hearty co-operation between the peoples of the West and the East.
The following is theprogramme for the eight half-day sessions: 1. Fundamental Con-
siderations--Meaning of Race, Tribe, Nation. 2-3. General Conditions of Progress.*
3a. Peaceful Contact Between Civilizations. 4. Special Problems in Inter-Racial Eco-
nomics. 5-6. The Modern Conscience in Relation to Racial Questions. 7-8. Positive Sug
gestions for Promoting Inter-Racial Friendliness.
Fee for Active Membership (including attendance, volume of 'papers of about 500
pages in' English or French, with valuable bibliographies and other publications) will be
21s; fee for Passive Membership (excluding attendance', but including volume of papers
and other publications) will be 7s 6d.
Further information may be obtained from the Hon. Organizer, Mr. G. Spiller, 63 South
Hill Park, Hempstead, London; 'from Rev. Ramsden Balmforth, Daisy Bank, Upper Camp
street, Cape Town; from the American Co-Secretaries, Dr. W. E. B. DuBois, 20 Vesey
street, New York, and Rev. Frederick B.A., B.D., 13 East 124th street, New York;
from Prof. F. Ttinnies, Eutin, Holstein, Germany; and from Dr. Abendanon, Jan van
Nassaustraat 43, The Hague, Holland.
this session a paper, written by Abdul-Baha on the subject of "The Bahai.
Revelation," is to be read.--En.

