STAR OF THE WEST 19
in the British Empire is shifting, that tl1e colonies are the coming force, that our future
lies not on the sea, as the Kaiser says, but over sea.
All this may be admitted, but how does this make for the coming of the reign of the
Prince of Peace?
The colonists, it will be objected, are often very jingoistic in their sentiments. They
have made Wars in Africa, and they may do so again. That is true. But the importance
of the shifting of the center of gravity from Westminstei" to the outlands, of which move-
ment the king is the living sign and symbol, lies in the fact that it coincides with a change
in the constitution of the British Empire which will facilitate the coming of the VVorld State
or Empire of Peace in which armies and navies will only be maintained for purposes of
police, and Where all disputes Will be settled by appeals to law and equity interpreted by
courts of justice or of arbitration.
The evil dream of transforming the free independent nationalities which make up our
world-wide dominion into a cast-iron, hide-bound military Empire, unified and consolidated
so as to enable a greater John Bull to dominate and terrorize mankind, that dream has
vanished into thin air. The Imperial Conference has enabled us to see the Empire likely to be. The British Empire is like a picture in a dissolving view. It is
gradually melting into another and more brilliant picture, the Federation of the lfiforld.
In the Royal procession through the city on Friday the first place is given to the
Colonial procession, and the first place in the Colonial procession is given to the two
great premiers of the two greatest of the British dominions, Sir Wilfrid Laurier, Prime
Minister of Canada, and Mr. A. Fisher, Prime Minister of Australia. It is these men who
express even more clearly than the king himself the true significance of this Coronation.
For these men have cast the die in which the Empire of the future will be moulded. They
have destroyed the jingo dream of an Empire of concentrated naval and military mights tied
together by tariff bonds a11d constitutional ligaments, and they have substituted in its
place the conception of a federation so loosely united by ties, so elastic that they can be
developed Without difficulty into the still vaster fabric of a World State or Empire of Peace,
in which the British Empire, the American Republic, and all the peace~loving, law-abiding
states of the world may find a place.
This issue of the STAR or THE is a combination of Persian
section combining issues Nos. 6 and 7, While the English section combines Nos.
'7 and 8. A series of difficulties has made this procedure a necessity. We trust
the friends will accept this solution of the matter. Our Persian section contains:
(1) Arrival of Abdul-Baha in Cairo, Egypt; (2) editorial on the subject; (3) poem
celebrating the Feast of Rizwan and the freedom of Abdul-Baha, by his honor Audoleeb of
Shiraz, Persia; (4) portrait of Mr. Hooper I-Iarris, of Newark, N. ., and a short sketch
of his services in the Cause; (5) translation of an interesting article Which appeared in an
Arabic newspaper, Valley of the Nile, published in Alexandria, Egypt; (6) STAR or THE
WEST-'s appreciation of the above article; (7) portrait of Mr. Williain Hoar, of New York
city and a short sketch of his services in the Cause; (8) recent Tablets in regard to Abdul-
Baha's coming to America; (9) future results of Abdul-Baha's trip to Egypt; (10) table-
talk by Abdul-Baha to pilgrims from Persia regarding the future of Persia and the p0W61'
of the Word of God; (11) Dr. Zia Bagdadi added to the editorial staff of the STAR or TI-IE
WEs'r; (12) portrait of Mr. Howard MacNutt and a short sketch of his services in the
Cause; (13) letter from Moneereh Khanum, of Teheran, Persia, regarding the opening of a
new school for girls; (14) STAR OF TI-IE WEST thanks her for this great service rendered;
(15) the arrival of Ghodsia Ashraf Khanum in America and her reception in various cities
by the friends; (16) portrait of Grl1OClSi3. Ashraf Khanum; (17) Tablet from Abdul-Baha
to the women's Bahai assembly in Teheran, Persia, giving clear commands regarding the
education of girls.

