STAR OF THE WEST 13
Progress is the resounding chord of this day. Progress in religion is needed more than
progress in anything else. The world is now ready for, a. live and progressive Faith of
brotherly love which is broad enough to take in every race and every people; a Faith which
will lead and create progressive thought and progressive institutions; a. Faith which will
actually produce a change in men 's natures, developing within their souls divine virtues;
a religion which does not destroy but which fulfils the religions of the past; a religion
free from dogma, applicable to all races and conditions, the unique object of which is
Peace and the Universal Civilization. Such a faith is the Bahai Teaching.
THE MASHRAK-EL-AZKAR IN AMERICA.
TABLET FROM 
The maid-servant of God, Mrs. Corinne True, Chicago. Upon her be 
HE rs son!
thou dear m-aid-servant of God 
The question of the Mashrak-el-azkar is very important and is superior to every matter;
surely put forth utmost efiort for it. -
In the fact that you have registered the name of Abdul-Baha in the contribution book
I became -very happy.
Concerning his honor, M. Bagdadi, indeed he was an honorable person, who
devoted his days to service in the Kingdom of God, became confirmed in excellent services,
a. cause of guidance to many, was firm in the Covenant, a promulgator of the Religion of
God. Regarding this a comforting letter was written to Zia Efiendi.
The receipt you have sent was received.
7
(Sign-ed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
The following was written by Abdul-Baha'-s own hand at the bottom of the page:
an (is eon)!
thou daughter of the Kingclom!
Today in America no matter is greater for the elevation of the Word of God than the
Mashrak-cl-Azkar. Surely give it the utmost importance. I am always Waiting that 'a good
report regarding the Mashrak-el~Azkar should come.
In most of the cities of Persia, even in some of the villages, a Mashrak-el-Azkar has
been founded.
Now the beloved in America must make effort to establish one Mashrak-el--Azkar.
Upon thee be El-Baha-el-ABHA. (Signed) ABDUL--BAHA ABBAS.
This double Tablet was translated by Dr. Zia M. Bagdadi, June 1, 1911.
PORTION OF A RECENT TABLET TO MRS. I. D. BRITTINGHAM.
If the believers of God in New York and other cities of America establish, in a befitting
manner, union and harmony with spirit, tongue, heart and body, suddenly they shall find
Abdul-Baha in their midst. Unless' this union is brought about, the Breath of the Holy
Spirit shall not have any effect, for the physical body must find capacity, so that the life
of the Spirit may breathe through it. If the Beloved of the union of the friends and the
harmony of the believers become manifest, the East and the West of America shall be per-
fumed through the sweet fragrance of the Paradise of ABHA, the Mashrak-el-Azkar shall be
constructed, the outpouring of the Sun of Reality shall descend, the everlasting glory of
the friends of God shall become apparent and the heavenly life be attained.
Upon thee be Baha-el-ABHA! (Signed) ABBAS.
Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, April 28, 1911.

