STAR OF THE WEST 5
PORTIONS OF TABLETS FROM ABDUL-BAI-IA.
Thou hast Written concerning the meetings and gathering-places of the
believers of God. Such assemblies and gatherings Will greatly aid the pro1no-
tion of the Word and all the audience, Whether friends or not, will become
affected. But when the friends have the intention of entering into these 1neet-
ings they must disengage the heart from all other reflections, ask the Inex-
haustible Divine Confirmation, and with the utmost devotion and humility set
their feet in the gathering-place. Let them not introduce any topic in the
meeting except the mentioning of the True One, neither must they confuse that
merciful assembly with complex outside questions. They must either teach or
open their tongue in propounding arguments, either commune or supplicate
and pray to God, either read Tablets or give out advices and exhortations.
(Signed) ABDUL-BAI-IA 
You have written concerning the spiritual meetings. The foundation of
the spiritual meetings must be the teaching and delivering of the Cause of God.
In these meetings the believers and maid-servants of the Merciful must pro-
claim the proofs and arguments and explain the signs of the appearance of the
Beauty of my life be a sacrifice to the beloved ones! Meanwhile
they may read some Tablets, and Communes, and at the end of the meetings,
if they desire to sing With the utmost supplication and meekness, it is acceptable.
But the fundamental principle of the establishment of spiritual meetings is for
the sake of teaching and delivering the Truth so that those souls who are
present may become informed of the Divine Evidences and Proofs.
(Signed) ABDUL-BAIIA ABBAS.
Thou hast inquired regarding the teachings and instructions of 
Thou must instruct the people of the World in the Love of God, that they may
eradicate the foundation of Warfare and strife, be attracted by the Glad-tidings of
the kingdom of ABHA, lay the basis of love and amity, raise the melody of
atlinity, and the oneness of the Kingdom of humanity; transmute tyranny and
persecution into love and faithfulness, efface the traces of bloodshed and car-
nage construct the edifice of reconciliation, dispel the darkness of estrangement,
diffuse the light of unity; change the poison of animosity into the honey of
sympathetic affection; destroy the religious, national and social prejudices from
the individuals of humanity live and act, with and toward each other as though
they were from one race, one country, one religion, and one kind.
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Aseas.
But regarding teaching the Truth: One must teach with Wisdom, -amia-
bility, good-naturedness and kindness. And should anyone circumscribe condi-
tions (for teaching the Truth) it Will become rare.
But concerning the established (organized assemblies), altogether outside
conversation must not be introduced therein. Nay, rather, conversation must be
confined to the reading of verses, the perusing of Words and affairs which per-
tain to the Cause of God, such as explaining proofs and evidences, delivering
clear and irrefutable arguments and announcing the signs of the Beloved of
the creatures.
Those souls who are in that assembly before their entrance therein must
be adorned with utmost purity, turn their faces toward the Kingdom of ABHA

