STAR OF THE WEST 15
Upon the other hand, in the growth of the Bahai Cause here in the West,
the Oriental Bahais see the result of their labors for the believers here are
their spiritual They see the fruit of their bloody persecution and
great sufferings, and with open and joyful hearts they are anxious to receive
into their very lives their Weste1"n brothers and sisters, learning from them,
and in turn pouring out upon them all of that wealth of devotion, love and
spiritual assurance Which these people of the East have and which the people
of the "Test need.
Among the Bahais, there is a practical demonstration of a combined re-
ligious and secular unity. Good works are not done under the name of
"c7za1"/it/y" nor "philanthropy." Rather it is "reciprocation" and "mm-
depencle/nce." Each gives what he has to give, and through the spirit of
giving, and doing in loving service, his own nature unfolds and he receives
himself, abundantly.
Particularly in the Orient the contrast between the Bahais and other
people is very striking. There, the average Oriental and Occidental mingle
Without contacting, each remaining foreign to the other, but the opposite is
the case With these very same people when they become touched by the Bahai
spirit. Then We see them mingling and associating with one another as mem-
bers of one family, having the same interests and desires, and united in the
same works.
Among the Oriental Bahais I saw a love and a devotion to this Cause
and its principles impossible to describe. It was beyond my comprehension
to understand, yet I recognized it. In many countries and among people of
every race and of every religion I found such a Wa.rm welcome and had such
a spirit of friendship and devotion poured out upon me, simply because I
was a Bahai, that I felt and saw the blending process at work, uniting the
East and the V\Test.
This is a force working independently of material conditions. I saw
it working under all conditions and amid all surroundings from those of the
half naked, uneducated man living in his hut, to those of the cultured man
of Wealth living in his palace. This spiritual love, Whichis of God, is the
strongest power in the creation. Through its uniting force the fundamental
foundation of accord and harmony is established in the world, upon Which
the Orient and the Occident are meeting. From this movement will appear
as fruits, all of those social institutions, between the East and the V\-Test,
Which will materially demonstrate those truths Which the Bahais now see
and witness as spiritual realities.
The foundation of the Universal Civilization, the Millenium, the Golden
Age, God's Kingdom upon earth, is now an accomplished fact. It rests upon
God's NVord revealed to man in these Latter-Days through the Bab, BAHA-
a.nd Abdul-Baha. It is a growing foundation which is absorbing and
refashioning, after the divine order, the individual souls who are attracted
and who are arising to serve God and mankind in this the greatest of all
Causes.

