STAR OF THE WEST
Vol. II Chicago (June 24, 1911) Rahmat N0. 6
WORDS OF 
declared of Himself to the Shah of Persia:
This is a leaf which the Breezes of the Will of thy Lord, the Mighty, the
Extolled, have stirred. Can it be still when the rushing winds blow? No, by
the Lord of the Names and Attributes! Rather do they moo-e it as they list,
for Being belongeth not to non-entity in the Presence of the Eternal. His
decisive comm-and did come, causing Me to speak for His celebration amid the
worlds. Verity, I was not save as one dead in the presence of His Command,
the hand of thy Lord, the Merciful, the Clement, turning Me. Gan anyone
speak on his own part that for which all men, whether high or low, will contradict
Him? by Him who taught the p-en eternal" mysteries, sa/ve him who is
strengthened by One, Mighty and Strong 1'
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA TO THE SPIRITUAL ASSEMBLY or
BAKU, RUSSIA.
Upon them be the Glory of God, the Most Glorious!
rm rs eon!
ye friends of God! ye manifestors of boa-nties and favors of the Beauty
of 
That illumined Orb hath risen from the horizon of sanctity
and holiness to shed Its Bays upon the expanse of the universe and that mysterious
Beloved hath rent assunder the veil of concealment and appeared in the
Assemblage of Humanity so that the wooers of His heart-captivating Beauty
attained to His meeting, and torrents of spiritual teachings have descended from
His Holy Lips, that we 1nay be enabled to hear with the ear of the spirit,
walk in the Path of the Beloved; see His Attributes and Manners; behold His
Character and Principles; drink the Cup of Bestowal, taste the sweetness of
His Beality, obey His Religion and emulate His glorious Example.
ye friends! His gentle nature was excellent and His sweet disposi-
tion sublime. He was in the utmost humility and submission, and perfect
kindliness and praise. Worthy courtesy adorned His Being. He was a refuge
for every affrighted one; an asylum for every discomfitted one; a fountain for
every thirsty one; a Highway of Salvation for every wandering one; a healing to
every sick one, and a dressing for every Wounded one. In brief, ye have un-
doubtedly heard and read His Holy Instructions. But alas! we have entirely
neglected them and are pursuing our own desires, following our own opinions,
seeking our own ideas, and chasing our own shadows! Is it not a shame to
change His Rose Garden into a bramble patch? His Delectable Paradise into a
ruined abode? To seek to eradicate His Foundation and completely destroy
His structure? To forget the Divine Instructions and cast behind our backs

