12 STAR OF THE WEST
Fatherhood of God--wh-atever or wherever their religions, ethical, educational
or humanitarian aifiliatio-ns may be--it is our purpose to departm-entize the
contents of the STAR or THE Wnsr, and present these lines of thought from a
universal aspect in the light of the New Dispensation.
It is our purpose to make its pages regular magazine size, 7 1-O inches;
to increase the number of pages, to add more illustrations, and to clothe it
with a suitable cover.
To do this it will be necessary to increase its subscription list from hun-
dreds to thousands, as it will entail expense beyond o-ur present means. We
look to all friends to co-operate with us in this endeavor. The Editors.
THE IN CALIFORNIA.
BY ELLA GOODALL oo-ornn.
The friends in San Francisco and vicinity are still rejoicing over the 'continued
good work done by Mrs. Getsinger and Dr. Fareed. New avenues are opening, more
and more men are hearing the Message of Pea.ce--men of every degree and character.
A glance at some of the different places in which they have spoken will give an
idea of the universality of their work:
Dr. Fare-ed, after appearing before the C0-mmonwealth Club- (a body of business
and professional men interested in good government), was asked to meet the Knights
Templar in a body and to give them the Message. This led to his being made an
honorary member of the Union League Club (a representative social club) and to
several more meetings with the Knights Te-mplar. Upon one of these occasions there
were over eight hundred present. The same evening he was invited to dine with the
Young Men's Christian Association.
At the Unitarian Church in Ala.meda, unde-r the auspices of the- Unitarian Club,
both Dr. Fareed and Mrs. Getsinger spoke.
In San Francisco they were given a reception at the Sequoia Club. This club is
composed mainly of literary and professional men and women interested in the arts.
A few days later they were entertained at the Century Club (all women) and ask-ed
to speak on the subject of Persian poetry. The next week Mrs. Getsinger spoke before
the Auxiliary of the Juvenile Court on the subject of "The Women -of the East." She
referred to the Bahai Movement a.nd much interest was aroused.
The talk before the Jewish Women's Council was quite unique. Mrs. Getsinger
proposed to entertain them with a "Persian Tea Party." A number of the friends
took part representing the different Eastern types who met together in love and
harmony under the influence of the Bahai Teachings. Dr. Fareed was introduced as
the story teller called in to entertain the ladies while they sipped their tea (made
in a samovar) and thus he had the opportunity of telling the wonderful story of the
Movement to the audience which numbered nearly nine hundre-d. The ladies of the
Council and their friends were delighted with this method of presenting it, and
became very enthusiastic.
Across the bay, b-oth appeared at the Oakland -Club (a rep-resentative woman's
club). Dr. Fareed spent one evening with a large group of intelligent and deeply
interested Japanese, and another with the Oakland Chamb-er of Commerce, which
was most satisfactory.
In Berkeley, both spoke to the Short Story Club, an interesting group of writers,

