4 STAR OF THE WEST
expectation. Yet, to the present day, the Sun of their hopes has not appeared
to them from the horizon of their expectation.
As to the honorable and faithful Bahais, they believe that, verily, the
promises and prophecies given in the Holy Scriptures have become fulfilled
during the nineteenth century after Christ by the appearance of the Prince of
the Universe--the most great exalted is His Glory! This claim,
held by them, is the best tidings to the expectant ones and a great joy to the
seekers. But only those can approve it who are endowed with a pure heart
and fortified with the confirmation of God, and who hearken with sincerity to
perfect proofs, to decisive and satisfactory arguments.
The Bahai people is ready with all power and strength to prove its claim
and to unfold the truth of its religion, not through material force, but by
spiritual power; not through the strength of this world, but by that of the
Kingdom. The Bahais wage war with all the armies of the nations of the
world, not with swords and weapons, but through the power of Utterance and
the unfoldment of the mysteries and meanings of the Divine Words. They
subdue the cities of hearts, not with assaults of armies of men, but rather by
indisputable proofs, by love, compassion and affection. Their sword is the
Word of God; their hosts the divine Inspiration; their ranks, submissiveness,
humbleness, meekness, unselfishness and pure servitude in the presence of
every soul, of whatsoever religious nation and toward every being in existence.
Their religion is to serve the people in the world their principle is obedi-
-ence to government; their teaching is summoning people unto God, the True
One; their rewards and recompense come only from God; they freely offer to
people the Bread of Life and freely give them the Water of Life. Let him
who hungers and thirsts partake freely of their Table. Verily the doors of
heaven are opened by the keys of the Knowledge of His Holiness, 
LLAI-I, the paradise of Enlightenment is decorated, the rivers of Inner Signifi-
cances are flowing, the birds of Sacred Mysteries are soaring around, and the
Spiritual Foods are prepared. Blessed are they who eat! Blessed are they
who drink!
 
PERSIAN-AMERICAN EDUCATIONAL SOCIETY.
Thou Almighty! Illumine Thou this Association and make Thou this gathering
the bright candle of the world! For their intention is for the public good and their aim
is Service to humankind.
Kind and Com-passionate God! Such a Society merits Thy Favors and such a
Body deserves inexhaustible Bounty and Providence.
Verity, Thou art Powerful, Mighty and Omnipotent, and verily, Thou art the Peer-
less and Incomparable God!
Prayer Revealed by ABDUL-BAHA April 3, 1910The following is a resume of the work of the Society, since its inception, in the
early part of 1910:
Seven hundred dollars in cash has been sent to Teheran; the number of
scholarships enrolled is 63; associate members, 19.
The Librarian has forwarded or arranged for the sending of considerable valuable
material to the Tarbiat School in Teheran. During the past two months boxes of books
have been received and forwarded to the Teheran Library from Mrs. L. E. Ruddiman, of
Gobleville, Mich.; Mr. Frank D. Clark, of Buffalo, N. Mr. Nelson, of 'Racine, Wis.,
and Mrs. Helen S. Goodall, of San Francisco, respectively, the latter containing maga-
zines. In addition to this, nearly $30.00 in stamps has been furnished by the Society to
provide for sending packages by mail. Mrs. Goodall has agreed to pay the postage from
here to Persia on all her packages. Our thanks are tendered to these generous con-

