6 STAR OP THE WEST
Through Zia Effendi Bagdadi to Mrs. Cecilia M. Harrison, Chicago.
I-IE IS eon!
thou attracted of God!
Your letter was received. From its contents, heart attracting meanings were under-
stood; for they indicated entire attraction by the Kingdom of ABHA and the attachment
of the heart to the Supreme World.
The chanting of the verses, whether done individually or collectively, is the cause of
manifesting the effect of the Word of God in the hearts, a11d the means of igniting the
fire of the love of God in the breasts. But it is as thou hast written that the condition
required is, the hearts must become like pure and polished mirrors, and the spirits attain
perfect joy and happiness by the divine glad-tidings.
Assuredly the blessed souls who direct their entire attention to the Lord of Hosts, who
are severed from the nether world and submerged in the outpourings of the Realm of
Might, if they travel in various parts of America, associating with all and visiting the
assemblies while surging with the love of God, they will certainly be the cause of the unity
of the friends and the maid-servants of the Merciful. This is indeed most beloved and
acceptable, productive of great results and conducive of great good.
The enclosed paper sent by thee contained beautiful expressions and delightful state-
ments. I ask God that thou mayst awaken the people of America thereby from the sleep
of negligence and prove to be to them the means of knowledge and wisdom.
Upon thee be (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
Translated by Dr. Ameen U. Fareed, June 2, 1911.
 .
TABLET TO TI-IE BAHAIS OF ENGLAND FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
HE Is eon.
0 ye sons and daughters of the Kingdom!
Your letter which was written by heavenly inspiration, whose contents and meanings
are full of interest, and whosediscrimination springs from hearts that shine, has been
received. Of a truth, the believers of London, being steadfast servants, stand firm. They
shall not slacken, nor, in the lapse of time, shall their light grow dim. For they are
Bahais, children of Heaven and of the light of the Godhead. Surely, without doubt they
shall be the cause of spreading God's Word, and the channel for spreading the Divine
Teachings and bringing about the unity and equality of mankind.
It is easy to accept the Kingdom, but it is difiicult to endure therein for the tests are
hard and heavy. On all occasions the English are firm and are not turned aside, being
neither prone to begin a matter for a little while nor ready to abandon it for a little
reason through failing in zeal. Verily in every undertaking they show firmness.
Though you dwell in the West, praise be to God, you have heard the Divine Call from
the East, and like unto Moses you have become warmed by the fire of the Tree that has
been lighted in Asia, and you have found the true Path, becoming kindled like lamps,
having entered into the Kingdom of God. Now in thanksgiving for this bounty you pray
for blessing upon the people of the world, till by light of the Kingdom of Splendour their
eyes become illuminated and their hearts become even as mirrors attaining the rays of the
Sun of Truth.
My hope is the outbreathing of the Holy Spirit be inspired into your
hearts, that your tongues begin to reveal the mysteries and to expound the meaning and the
truth of the Holy Books. May the friends become physicians to cure by the Divine Teach-
ings the deep~rooted diseases of the body of the world, to give sight to the blind, hearing
to the deaf, life to the dead and awakening to the sleepers. Be sure that the blessing of
the Holy Spirit will descend upon you, and that the Hosts of the Kingdom will come to
your aid.
Upon you be the Glory of God! (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
Given at Ramleh, Egypt, May, 1911. Translated by Tamadun nl Molk.

