STAR OF THE WEST 11
truth and Whose open-heartedness for the highest ideals of life are well known
all over the World."
In this connection, the news notes from London and Boston, published
in this issue, sound forth suggestions that should be co-nsidered by the Bahais
"especially throughout America--in these days of "preparing the Way" for
the coming of Abdul-Baha. In a Word: Th-e friends should avoid all appear>>
ance of being a new religious sect by separating themselves from others in Work
or Worship, for the cause has seemingly, yet unintentionally, developed in the
West a conditioni' akin to a sect--that which the Bahai Reformation does not
represent.

The consideration of the foregoing leads us to the announcement of our
plans for the forthcoming Volume of the STAR OF THE I'VEs'r--for it has
been accused of being decidedly sectarian, and therefore not repres-entative of
the Bahai movement.
The criticism is Well taken. In justice, however, it should be remembered
that it began With little means but plenty of faith and much good Will. This
the simile is forth from non-existence into the
court of existence naked but pure; it had to be nurtured; its cry was Weak:
its helplessness apparent to all. In the nature of things it was beloved by the
"family" of friends, and apparently sectarian.
Notwithstanding this, Servant of G0d--has smiled upon
its Weakness, uttered Words of enco-uragement for it, and admonished the
friends to make it an object of their attention--Words that sound with clarion
tones to those Who have ears to hear the call: thou or THE 
Be thou happy! Be thou happ-y! thou continue to remain fi7"?Tt and
eternal, ere long thou shalt become the Star of the Ea-st and shalt spread in
every eoun-try and elim-e. Thou art the first paper of the Bahais which is
organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy suhscril)>>
ers are limited, thy form is small and thy voice weah, yet thou stand
unshahable, become the object of the attention of the friends and the center of
the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy sul)sc~rilJers will become hosts after hosts lihe unto waves of the,
sea; thy volume will increase, thy arena will become east and spacious and thy
"voice and fame will be raisecl and become at last thou shalt
become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these clepencl upon
firmness, firmness, firimne ss 1' 
In order to more fully represent the Bahai movement, and attract and
hold the attention of' all those interested in the brotherhood of man and the
can be explained and excused because of the embryonic condition of
the Cause in the O-ccident, from 1893 A. n. to the present time (nineteen years)--a con-
dition parallel to the Babi period of the Bahai Dispen-sation in the Orient, from
1844 to 1863 A.D.

