4 STAR OF WEST
books. We must wash our hearts free of all human prejudices. We must
serve God-. We must propagate the oneness of the realm of humanity. We
must be the cause of the appearance of the perfections in the world of man.
We must not be like the beasts of prey. We must not allow carnage and
bloodshed. We must regard the blood of men as sacred. We must not shed the
holy blood of man for th-e paltry earth. We must all agree upon one funda-
mental principle. That principle is the oneness of the kingdom of humanity.
Consider ye! What things are transpiring now in Tripoli! How many
fathers have become without sons! How many little children have become
fatherless! How many kind and afifectionate mothers are weeping for the
death of their sons! How many women are lamenting and mourning over
the cruel death of their beloved husbands! This sacred blood of humanity is
shed for a piece of land! The beasts of prey never fight for this aim. Every-
one is contented in his own place. The Wolf is satisfied after receiving his
share of life. The leopard will creep into his own lair after partaking of his
food. The lion will crouch in his own jungle. No one intelligently or on pur-
pose will ever entertain the desire to oppress another.
Alas! Alas! Although pitiless man brings under his dlominion all the
nests of humanity, yet he aspires fo-r more. On the other hand, we easily
realize that God has given to man divine intelligence, but he has become worse
than the beasts of prey. The beasts of prey do not tear in pieces the members
of their own species. No matter how ferocious a wolf may be, he cannot kill
more than ten sheep in one night, but man is becoming the means of de-
stroying hundreds of thousands of his fellow beings in one day. Now, be
just! How can this agree with reason? If a man kills his brother he is called
a murderer; if he crim-sons the battlefield with the blood of hundreds of thous-
ands of innocent men, he is hailed as a great conqueror! If a man steals ten
dollars from another he is considered to be a guilty thief, but if he has pillaged
a large country he will be known in history as a patriot. If he destroys with
fire one house he is accused of arson, but if he b-ombards a city with the fire
of cannon he is called a victorious being. All these events connote the evils
of human ignorance, the blood-thirstiness of the nature of man and the lack
of faith. For if man believes in dlivine Justice he will not consent to the
suffering of any soul and he will not allow the shedding of one drop of blood;
nay, rather he will exert himself day and night to make one soul happy.
Now, praise be to God, the signs of intelligence are becoming manifest
among the people in some parts of the world. This is the dawning of the day-
spring of the Most Great Peace. This is our hope: to spread the oneness of
the realm of man, to destroy the foundation of hatred and animosity from
among the people, to make manifest the Greatest Peace, so that the nations of
the world may affiliate with each other and all the governments may strengthen
between themselves the bonds of love and unity, the International Court of
Arbitration may be established and all the world-Wide problems and difficulties
which arise between the nations may be adjudicated in that Universal Court.

