12 STAR OF THE WEST
To return to the drive. As we passed a little church in Thonon, Abdul-Baha
expressed a wish to attend it on Sunday. And this leads me- to another, most vital
subject: His attitude of perfect accord with the churches, demonstrated in 'St. .Iohn's
and in the City Temple in London, where he freely gave the Message of Unity.
That these churches should have opened their doors for our Message is indeed
beautiful, and a proof of two things: Of the freedom and illumination of the men
who serve as their ministers, and of the wisdom of the London Bahais. For it was
the Bahais who took the first step by connecting themselves with these two churches,
some having pews and working in the City Temple and so-me in St. John's church.
Thus, by demonstrating clearly, through sympathetic action, our oneness with the
Christian world, they have been instruments to open these churches to the benedic-
tion of Abdul-Baha. And I, having witnessed this beautiful d-emonstration and the
result of it, feel that we cannot live too close to the Christians.
But not only do the London Bahais make connection--or rather, manifest onen-ess
with the Christian world, but with all progressive thought and activity, so that, again
through their instrumentality, we find the Universal Races Congress opened to the
presentation of our Message, The Ohristian Oommonwealth and the Theosophical So-
ciety of Bristol sending cables of gre-eting to Abdul-Baha on his arrival in Europe,
and later becoming firm friends; the Theosophical Society in London, the Brahma
Sohmaj center, the Settlements, m-ore centers than I can name, reverently welcoming
him, while many distinguished individuals have sought his wisdom, to receive the
unequalled blessing.
This wonderful harvest has been the result of diligent and wise seed-sowing in
the world of thinkers and workers. While I was in Thonon, Abdul-Baha said to a
little group of us: "This is the time for sowing the seed. The most important thing
now is to spread the Clause of God. When harvest time comes, think how -sad it will
be if there is nothing to reap!"
So again I repeat I feel that we cannot be too active now.
The subject of our real oneness with all that is true and good in every pro-
gressive movement reminds me- of a very beautiful message which I read while. in
London from Abdul-Baha to a socialist. Socialism, he said, was one of the leaves on
the Tree of Life. Then he called this so-ul to come into>> the shade of the Tree of
Life that he might partake of all its fruits.
At luncheon one day in Thonon we had a distinguished visitor who asked Abdul-
Baha about our economic questions. He said there were many who felt that ma-
terial problems should be solved first; that, in order to level the way f-or the spirit-
ual advance, we should first better social conditions, and he spoke of a friend who
felt this so strongly that, though connected with the church, he was making it his
life-work.
"Such people," said "are doing the work of true religion."
Then he went on to say that a new order o-f things must come but it must have
a solid foundation, and that no foundation was solid save religion, which was the
Love of God. When this unshakab-le basis of the Love of God was established in the
world, then inevitably would the structure of a new social justice rise, and a new
individual love and justice.
Before I close I must tell you the story of one day. We were to go' to Vevey that
day by boat, and in a little group of eight, we accompanied Abdul-Baha, to the landing,
It was in the freshness of early morning. T'he fishermien had hung out their nets in
the sun. The dew was on the lilies in the 'grove in the shade -of' which we waited
for the boat. Suddenly the Master left us to stray off alone. When we sawihim next
he was walking in the distance on the very edge of the lake, beyond that golden film
of fishnets. It was then that the "veils of plurality were rent" for me-and I saw
the essential oneness of all the Holy Messengers--the One Flame in many lamps.

