14= STAR OF THE WEST
In this day the human race is reaching a stage of maturity. The Orient
along her own characteristic lines, and the Occident along his own character-
istic lines. Now their continued future development depends upon their
uniting, not only physically but in every sense from the spiritual to the
physical. These two halves of humanity, the Eastern one and the Western
one, must unite and become as one in every respect, spiritual and material,
in order that each may find its highest development. From this union will
be forthcoming the future universal world type of man in whom will be com-
bined all the human virtues and possibilities.
Such a union between the Eastern and WVestern peoples can never be
accomplished upon any foundation other than a spiritual one. When the
Occident and Orient meet on a common spiritual ground an intellectual and
social unity in all of its forms and with all of its institutions will result.
By brute force, a man can dominate a woman, yet the while both are
suffering although neither may be aware of this condition. In the perfect
marriage neither the man nor the woman dominates the other. Through
love they become as one soul in two bodies. S0 it must be between the
Occident and the Orient. Many Oriental countries have been held by Occi-
dental nations through force. This has not been conducive in any sense
toward solving this world problem. Under such a regime both peoples, the
dominant and the dominated, suffer from lack of unity one with the other.
Each remains with its life force and possibilities undeveloped, pent up and
suffering, for the lack of that expression which only the freedom of harmony
can give.
In the coming epoch, of religious, racial and national unity, for which
the Bahai Cause is paving the way, there will be no question of the "su-
premacy" of one people over the other. All peoples will be as members of
one harmonious family, each working to protect and help the others. Under
this order, which is the order of God's Kingdom, the highest civic and national
institutions will be evolved, and under these auspices the masses. of the people
will attain to a very high state of spiritual, moral and physical development.
Under such conditions humanity will attain to a state of civilization and ad-
vancement the greatness of which no ~ne can now form any conception.

I would like to testify to some of the fruits of the Bahai Cause along
the line of Oriental-Occidental Brotherhood which it has been my privilege
to find in distant lands among foreign peoples.
Between the Bahais of the East and those of the West exists the strong-
est tie. Since it was through the suffering, pain and trials of the Bahais of
the Orient that this faith had its first growth and was brought to the \/Vest,
the Western Bahais look toward their Eastern brothers and sisters with the
deepest feeling of love and gratitude. The Western Bahais have in their
souls a strong love for the Eastern Bahais and a burning desire to go to them,
sharing with them all the so-called practical things of Western civilization.

