6 STAR OF THE WEST
PROGRESS OF THE CAUSE IN GER-MANY.
The Bahai meetings in Stuttgart are held as follows: Tuesday evening at
Esslingen on the Ne-ckar, at the home of Mr. -a.nd Mrs. Kueslin. Wedne-sday evening
at Zuffenhausen, home of Mr. and Mrs. Schweizer, Karl Str. 26. Thursday evening,
Wilhelm Str. 8. Friday -evening, Canzelei Str. 24. Sunday evening, Wilhelm Str. 8.

TABLETS FROM TO THE FRIENDS IN STUTTGART.
Frau Maria Schweizer Frl. Margarethe Doring
Frl. Louise Warnke li'rl. Julie Stab-ler
Herrn Friedrich Schweizer Frau I-Ie-nrietta Kusterer
Frl. Anna Kostlin Frau Anna Seifert
Frau Sofie S-tabler Alma S. Kn-obloch
I-Ierrn E'mil Ruoflf -and son Erwin
Upon them be the Glory of the Most Glorious!
HE IS coo!
friends and of the Merciful!
Thanks be to God! that you have been gathered together and celebrated
the birthday o-f the Bab with much joy and amity and were engaged in
remembering God.
From the rose-garden of that meeting a beautiful fragrance has reache-d
to the nostrils of these friends, and the light of God's love hath shone; there-
fore, it was a cause of delighting the hearts of these friends. I ask God, by
His infinite mercy, that such meetings may be held often.
Likewise, that the entertainment every nineteen da.ys may become current
among you; so that the friends and maidservants of the Merciful may be en-
gaged in praising and remembering G-od and singing to Him, and may become
the cause of guiding the people.
Upon you all be the Glory of the Most Glorious!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
Translated by Mirza Yuhanna Dawud, August 15, 1911.
Through Mirza Yuhanna Dawud, London, to the maidservant of God, Mar-
garet Doring, Stuttgart.
HE IS 
alaughter of the Kmgdo-m!
Your letter arrived, and its contents showed that Mr. Gregory, by visiting
the blessed Tomb,* hath received a new power, and obtained a new life. VVhen
he arrived at Stuttgart, although black of color, yet he shone as a bright light
in the meeting of the friends. Verily, he hath greatly adlvanced in this jour-
ney, he received another life and obtained another power. 'When he returned,
Gregory was quite another Gregory. He hath become a new creation. Re-
flect on the Grace of the Kingdom of ABHA and see h-ow it enlightened such
a person. It has made him spiritual, heavenly, divine and a manifestor of
the graces of the world of humanity. This man shall progress,
Thank God that you esteem Miss Knobloch, because she was the cause of
your guidance. With weeping and supplication I ask from the Kingdom of
ABHA, that He may vouchsafe heavenly blessings upon your father, mother,
*Tomb of in Acca, Syria.

