4 STAR OF THE WEST
so that there remain no authority to the waves; that the authority be peculiar
to the sea, for the spirit is like the sea and the bodies are like the waves.
It is said in the Gospels, "Jerusalem will come down out of heaven from
God." This heavenly Jerusalem is not made of stone, of lime and of clay,
but it is made of the divine teachings which shine among men by the power
of the spirit. For a long time, the divine teachings had been forgotten, no
trace remained of the light of the heavenly Jerusalem. When 
manifested Himself from the Orient, the light of His divine teachings shone
forth in Persia unto other parts of the world. This divine teaching is the
heavenly Jerusalem which has again "come down out of heaven." Although
that edifice had fallen to pieces, it is founded anew. The corporal and ma~
terial forces ruled over the Orient; now the spiritual forces have taken their
place.
Thanks to God, I see at Paris a respectable assembly Which lives by the
breath of the soul. Man is not man by the body, he is man by the spirit, for
by the body he is the associate of the animal; that which distinguishes him
is the spirit. As the sun illumines the earth, so the spirit illumines the body.
It renders man celestial; gives him kindness by the bre-ath of the Holy Spirit;
makes him understand the reality of things; discovers all sciences; offers
eternal life; unites the nations joins the Orient and the Occident, and changes
the human world into a divine world. Consequently, those who receive the
bounties of the Spirit give life to others.
Now, you who are spiritual ought to be glad and joyful for the teachings
of who is the founder of spirituality in' this age. The teachings
of a.re only spiritual. One should seek the Truth, which is the
cause of the manifestations of the spirit, for the spirit will not make itself
felt by the senses, but it will manifest itself by the hidden faculties>>. Though
the human body is sensitive, its spirit is hidden; it is the spirit which com-
mands the body.
The spirit acts in two ways: One wa.y is by instruments; that is, it sees
with the eyes, it hears with the ears and speaks with the tongue. These in-
struments work by the spirit, which is. their motor; though its senses are
manifested by the body, they come from the faculty of the spirit. The other
way is that of being and acting without instruments as in dreams and visions,
it sees without eyes, hears without ears, speaks without the tongue, walks
without feet. All the faculties of the spirit are clear and distinct in the world
of visions. Hence it is evident that the spirit acts in two ways: First, by the
instruments of the body; second, without the instruments of the body.
Thus it is that one's body may be in the Occident and the spirit finds out
the situation in the Orient, andl it directs and co-nducts the affairs there.
Therefore it is evident that the spirit is powerful and the body weak.
The body is like the and the spirit is like the light. Though the
be extremely transparent, its brilliancy and splendor belong to the
brightness of the light. To be luminous, the light does not need the 
but the to be bright needs the light. Even so the spirit does not live
by the body, but the body lives by the spirit.
If the body is mutilated, the spirit conserves always its greatness and
power. For example: If the hand of a man is cut off, the spirit keeps its
authority and sovereignty; if the becomes blind, the spirit remains clear
sight-ed; but if the attributes of the spirit leave the body, immediately the

