10 STAR OF THE WEST
singing the songs of the Kingdom and raising the voice of glorification toward
the Supreme Concourse. Army of the Kingdom of ABHA, be prepared for
review by the Supreme Commander! Mirza Ahmad Sohrah.
TO THE BAHAI ASSEMBLIES OF 
Dear Friends: According to all the information available at the present
time and the personal knowledge of one of our members who has made a pil-
grimage to Paris, Abdul-Baha' visit to America will be sometime in the early
part of $pring. During the past few months, he has received many invitations
from the prominent Peace Societies a.nd National Organizations to address
them while in America, and h-e has accepted the that his
visit has a deep and great significance. It is suggested tha.t the Bahai Assem-
blies of America send delegations to New York to greet Abdul-Baha. It is
also suggested that the Assemblies need not officially designate any delegate or
delegates, but as many of the friends of Abdul-Baha from each Assembly as
desire to volunteer to pay this respect to him, may avail themselves of this
opportunity a.nd privilege. All such friends will be considered as the delegates
from each Assembly. It is hoped that tho-se Who desire to take part in this
delegation will announce their intention to the Persian-Ameri can Educa-
tional Society, McLachlen Building, 10m a.nd Sts, Wa-shington, D. so
that a list of their names might be available, These delegations should be
ready, so that when the definite date of his departure from Egypt and arrival
in New York is cabled to us, We may let them know at once, in order that they
may start on their journey from different parts of the country and arrive at
the appointed time in New York.
Hoping that this will be approved by the friends throughout America and
will b-e carried out in the spirit of love of unity, We are
Your sincere servants in the Cause,
Persian-American Educational Society.
TO THE BAHAI ASSEMBLIES OF 
Owing to the importance of the coming convention of Bahai Temple
Unity because of the a.nticipated presence of Abdul-Baha, all assemblies are
requested to make early preparations for sending delegates so that when the
call is sent forth in February, at which time the place and date Will be given,
the least amount of time will be consumed in arranging for the care a11d com-
fort of the friends.
The Ezreoat/we Boardi of Bahai Temple Unity,
Bernard M. Jacobson, Secretary.
ARE ALL OF ONE 
In speaking of Abdul-Baha's contemplated visit to America, Mirza Ahmad
Sohrab says: "He does not come to visit any sect or religion or nationality,
but he comes to meet ninety million Americans Whose open-mindedness for

