STAR OF THE WEST 13
to arise through his crowing, until he Was chagrined to learn that its rising was
independent of him and his voice.)
Associate With the utmost love and friendship with the Theosophists, and
make them comprehend this unity of humanity, which is the unity of the out-
pouring of the Divine, so they may attain to the essence of the facts.
In regard to the verse, Which is revealed in the Koran, that His Highness,
Christ, was not killed a11d Was 11ot crucified, by this is meant the Reality of
Christ. Although they crucified this elemental body, yet the merciful reality and
the heavenly existence remain eternal and undying, and it was protected from
the oppression and persecution of the enemies, for Christ is Eternal and Ever-
lasting. How can He die? This death and crucifixion Was imposed on the physi-
cal body of Christ, and not upon the Spirit of Christ.   
Regarding my coming to America, it depends upon the realization of condi-
tions of which I have already written to that country. If those conditions are
brought into fruition, rest thou assured that I will present myself, others-'ise, it
will be difficult.
Upon thee be the Glory of God!
(Signed) ABBAS.
Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, June 8, 1911. Washingtoii, D. C.
To the attracted maid-servant of GOD, Miss Juliet Thompson.
Upon her be 
HE IS cont
thou (laughter of the K'e1tgcZ0m./
Thy letter was received and its contents became evident.
If America attains to the capacity of the Presence of Abdul~Baha, I will
travel to that country and all the difficulties shall be solved.
There is no doubt that the tests are severe. The more a soul resists and
shows firmness and steadfastness, the greater will be his progress, and he shall
soar to the sublimest heights of the Kingdom. 
thou daughter of the Kingdom! Thou hast expressed the hope of my
Presence in America. It depends upon capacity and merit.
thou who art attracted to the fragrances of God! Endeavor thou as far
as thou canst to become the cause of the unity and harmony amongst the be-
lievers of God. 
Announce on my behalf to Mrs. Macl\Iutt: do not forget thee and my
beloved friend, Mr. l\IacNutt, for one breath; nay, rather, I beg continually for
your divine confirmations and supreme assistance." 
(Signetl) ABDUL--BAHA Auras.
Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, June 3, 1911.

