6 STAR OF THE WEST
lege in Telieran. After nis arrival, the
school awakened to greater activities, but
not having textbooks, such as geographies,
arithmetics, physiologies and readers, we
have labored under great difficulties. We
hope that some provision will be made so
that we can get these books from America
and thus start the new system with great
vigor.
Spiritual Assembly
has had weekly meetings and the STAR or
THE has been a great encouragement
in our work. Several new people have en-
tered the Cause. In a newspaper we have
read that Miss Barney has written a book
called, "God's Heroes." We would like
very -much to have a copy of this book
that we might become acquainted with its
contents. Two of the celebrated teachers,
Seyad Jalal and Mirza Haji Aga, who have
been teaching in this city for a year, have
left for Teheran. Their stay in our midst
has been productive of good results. The
daily papers are writing articles in regard
to the five American Financiers who are
to reconstruct the finances of Persia.
Everyone is pleased with this new link
which will bring Persia and America
nearer together.
I-IAMADAN STAR OF THE WEST has
met with great approval on every side and
the friends have subscribed to it so that
they may in a small way contribute toward
the foundation of this. Bahai publication.
We hope thatsoon the Bahais in America
will enter into commercial relationship
with the Persians, as there are many arti-
cles to be exchanged to the mutual benefit
of both parties. We are ready to enter
such negotiations whenever such a channel
is opened.
dear sister, Dr. Moody
has been appointed as the American repre-
sentative hoped
that the affairs of the Society will be at-
tended to in the future without loss of
time. The authorities of the school are
awaiting the arrival of the two American
teachers. The school for girls is soon to be
opened and the lady teacher will receive a
hearty welcome on her arrival. Lately,
Abdul-Balia has given permission to Mirza
Sotfollah and Gottsia Khanuni (the Per-
sian girl) to go to America to study. They
expect to leave the latter part of June with
the hope of first visiting Abdul--Baha. ltris
hoped that this first Persian girl going to
America, will receive great benefits from
her studies, and that her going will open
the -door for many to follow. The friends
here expect to organize a commercial com-
mittee for the transaction of business be-
tween the Orient and the Occident.
LETTER FROM DR. CLOCK.
Dear friends in El-Balm:
Teheran, Persia, March 20, 1911.
All Americans will certainly love Persia if.they feel as I _do. I am very happy here
and just now the air is filled with the atmosphere of preparation for the New Year and
this letter leaves here on the great day.
No one can over-estimate the joy of the Persians in anticipation of the coming of
Americans. Everything having any connectioii with America is attractive to them. One
of my friends sent me some seeds of a medicinal plant I wanted to raise. Fortunately,
there was a generous supply and I was able to distribute them among many people here
besides sending some to Esphahan and Yezd. 
There are so many things that modern governmental management can improve and
the Persians realize it more than the foreigners. 
The eagerness for education makes the young people and children very apt and only
those who are with them are able to realize 1t., A young man had been kind to us when
we first came here and I offered to do something for him in return. His sister wanted
to study English and although I had never taught anyone, felt I must try, and
before the end of a week I had a room full and finally was invited to a little school
and take my class with me. I use a little primer and have my interpreter translate the
lesson into Persian--then give it to them with added vocabulary. Two hours a week_is
very little to give to such bright, eager people, and I want _to do more. The opportunity
will soon be' mine, for another school is to be opened_this_ week. Some of the pupils
know English but Want experience in talking and I will give them at least two hours
each week. 
No one who has not been with the Persian women can imagine their 
and as to the children, I know no words to tell of them. 
A 'lady from Yonkers sent me some picture books of her little girl and I have dis-
tributed them among the children. Already a letter has been written to the little girl
(Rosalie Moore) by a little Persian boy and he has'also sent two photos of the little
king. Mrs. Moore's idea was to establish a correspondence between children all _over the
world, and among the Bahais this is certainly a good place to begin a letter friendship,

