STAR OF THE WEST 7
weakness and the weakness of the people of the earth. This humility is the
glory of My Cause, wert thou to know! This Youth has never loved nor
will ever love to utter any word which is against courtesy. Verily, courtesy
is My Garment with which we have adorned the temples of our favorite
servants. Otherwise some of thy actions that thou thinkest are unknown,
would be mentioned in this Tablet. O, thou possessor of might! These little
children and these friends of God did not need the officers and soldiers as
guards. After our arrival, one of the officers presented himself and after much
conversation expressed his own innocence and thy crime. This Youth men>>
tioned to him that: "Primarily, it was necessary to bring about a meeting of
the Ullamas of the time and Himself so that the crimes of which these servants
are accused might become evident. However, time has passed and according to
thy statement thou art commanded to imprison us in the 'most desolate city.'
But I have one wish to make of thee, and that is to- request of His Majesty,
the Sultan, to grant Me an audience of ten minutes in order that he may ask
the proofs and arguments which he thinks would establish the validity of the
Word of God. If the proofs which he desires are made manifest on the part
of God, he should then liberate these wronged "ones and leave them to their own
condition."
He promised to take this message and send an answer, but we heard
nothing more from him; although it is not the Station of this True One to
present Himself before any person, for all the people are created for His
worship: Yet for the sake of these little children and the number of women
who are away from their -country and people, we volunteered this act, but
notwithstanding this, no result was produced. Omar is living and ready, ask
of him so that the Truth may become manifest to thee. Now all these exiled
ones are sick and lying in prison. one but God the Mighty, the Glorious,
knows what will happen to us.
During the first days two of these servants passed into the Supreme
Concourse. One day one of the officers commanded that they could not
remove those blessed bodies unless they were paid for the shroud and casket,
although no one ever asked anything of them. At that time we possessed no
means, and when we insisted that they leave the work to us and allow
the friends to prepare the dead for burial, they refused. Finally they took
a rug to the bazaar and sold it at auction, and delivered the money to the
officers. Later on it became evident that they only dug the ground and' laid
the two blessed bodies in the one grave, although they had been doubly paid
for shrouds and caskets. The pen is unable and the tongue is powerless to
describe that which has descended upon us; however, all these poisons of tests
are sweeter to this Youth than honey. I pray that under all circumstances
the trials of the world in the Path .of God and the Love of the Merciful may
descend upon this Ocean of Significances. We beg of Him patience and
endurance.
Thou art weak, and knowest it not. Couldst thou realize and be perfumed
with the fragrance wafted from the direction of the Ancient Beauty, thou
wouldst leave everything that thou hast in hand and hasten to come and live
in one of the ruined rooms of this Most Great Prison. Ask thou of God that
thou mayest attain to the age of maturity so that thou mayest recognize the
beauty and ugliness of deeds and actions. Peace be upon those who follow
guidance!
Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, especially for the STAR or TI-IE Wnsr.

