STAR OF THE WEST 5
the Friends' Select School, spoke on "The Future of the Orient, and the
Responsibility of America." Mirza Ahmad Sohrab presented a paper on the
subject of "Persian Women," and during the Convention talks and chants were
given by Glhodsia Khanuin. The Constitution of the "Orient-Occident Unity"
was presented.
A reception at I{auscher's Hall was the afternoon function of Saturday.
The guest of honor was Ghodsia Khanum. The hall was beautifully decorated,
and an attractive musical program was presented by Professor Arthur D. Mayo,
Mrs. Warner Gibbs and Mr. Richard P. Backing. An original poem was read
by Mr. Joseph H. Hannen. Refreshments, including sherbet, Persian punch and
cakes, with bon-bons, were served, and the hall was crowded, despite an unusually
rainy afternoon.
The closing session was on Saturday night. The newspapers had given
liberal space and most favorable comment, and the occasion had become well
advertised. The spacious Public Library Hall was filled to the doors. Mirza
Ahmad Sohrab presided. The reports of the Committees on Nominations and
Resolutions were presented, after which, Hon. Theodore E. Burton, United
States Senator from Ohio, spoke on "The Future International Policies of the
United States." This speech, which was eloquent and broad in its outlines,
attracted considerable attention quite generally. Mrs. Lyda J. Young-Withee,
of the League of American Pen-Women, gave an interesting and instructive talk
on "Where is Persia?" and she was followed by Mirza S. Raffle, with an illus-
trated lecture, "Persia, the L-and of the Nightingale and the Rose," which closely
held the attention of the large audience until its close. Cablegrams, afterward
sent to the Shah of Persia, the Persian Parliament, and the newspaper I/ram Nou,
Were read, and thus closed one of the most successful gatherings of the many
Which have occurred in Washington, "The Convention City."
The weather was most propitious, a cool and delightful spell intervening
between the two warmer periods. All the sessions were well attended, particularly
the two closing meetings.
As the addresses of the speakers will be of general interest to the members
of the Society, as well as others, it is planned to print them serially, instead of
all in one volume in-the form of bulletins--with a photograph of each
speaker as a frontispiece. At the end of the year, those who desire it, can bind
them i11to one volume. All those desiring these interesting and instructive ad-
dresses should subscribe for this bulletin, at the rate of one dollar per year.
This subscription will make them the associate members of the Society, entitle
them to all its privileges. They will also receive the Secretary's il-
lustrated fifty-page booklet, showing the activities of the Society--as well as
other literature issued at intervals from the headquarters. It is expected to pub-
lish the first bulletin in September, and all those who desire to receive it should
subscribe without delay, as only a limited supply will be printed. No salaries
are to be paid, therefore, all moneys contributed and subscribed will go toward
printing and postage. Special arrangements will be made to those who desire

