8 STAR OF THE WEST
in splendor. He points mankind to the Wo1'd, the Spirit, and its workings in the hearts of
men; they point to the results, as though they originated with man alone. Several of them
speak at more or less length of Religion as affecting the ideas of men and nations, but they
limit religions to racial conceptions rather than to the Spirit of God as an active, actual
Power among all men.
But it is a Wonderful and glorious sign of the times and a proof of the working activity
of the Spirit, that men from many nations, grown under difierent trainings, colored with
different mental and spiritual ideas, should gather in such a congress, without political
intentions, and only with the purpose of promoting the mutual acquaintance, respect,
friendship, peace and prosperity of the races of mankind. It is another of the fast 1nulti-
plying proofs of the Divine Mission of 
llfithout any apparent instigation or influence from Bahai sources, it proceeds to for-
ward greatly the very principles which came to promulgate and to impress
on mankind in this time of the ending of the old and the establishment of the new. This
fact alone is sufficient to prove that the Word of Baha' was the declaration of that Divine
Spirit which is working in the consciences and hearts of men all over the World to bring
to pass that which He proclaimed as the duty of men in this new age. Those writers and
speakers from many nations were busily calling attention to the appearance of the "new
earth," While Abdu1~Baha proclaimed to them the advent of the "New Heaven."
The new earth must indeed be prepared for the establishment upon it of a new
heaven. This is true oi' the physical world, the conditions and environments of mankind,
as it is of the individual man, who contains Within himself the earth and heaven of his dual
nature. But there can be no re-creation of the earth itself except it be from the power of
the Spirit, its Creator. Men of perception note the Wonderful changes going on in the
material realms of earth and mind, the revealing of hidden laws and power, the discoveries
of actions and conditions which conduce greatly to the improvement of man's abilties, but
they do not yet perceive that all this advancement comes from the presence and action of the
Mighty Spirit of God, that Universal, Invisible, Creating Light of Divine Intelligence,
which surrounds, penetrates and permeates every atom of existence, throughout all space
and the Spaceless.' All things--"Every good gift and every perfect gift is from above
and cometh down from the Father of lights." (James 1:17.) that men would recognize
the bounty of God and turn to Him in praise and thankfulness for all that they have and
are! Thornton Chase.

Our Persian section this issue contains: (1) Tablet of Abdul-Baha regarding the
STAR on TI-IE Wnsr. (2) Tablet of Abdul-Baha pertaining to his trip to the West. re-
vealed to a Persian Bahai. (3) Tablet of Abdul-Baha concerning the progress of the
Cause throughout the world. (4) Letter from Tabriz regarding the organization of a
Persian-American Commercial Company, with a capital of $19,000.00, to do business with
America. (5) Editorial: The wealth and prosperity of a nation depends upon the increase
of its commerce. (6) Portrait of Mr. Louis Gregory, of Washington, D. C. (7) Short
account of his services in the Cause; his recent visit to Abdul-Baha in the East, and
a Tablet concerning his visit. (8) Tablets in regard to Abdul-Baha's anticipated trip
to America. (9) Progress of the Cause in California--~by Dr. Ameen U. Fareed.
(10) Progress of the STAR on THE in the East, together with statistics showing volume
of correspondence, subscriptions and other information.

Magazines of all kinds are greatly appreciated by the friends in Persia, who pass them on
and on. Even the advertisements draw new pictures in their minds~--create new ambitions.
Postage rate is 2 oz. for 1c, with limit of 4 lbs. Send direct to: Dr. Susan I. Moody, 10 /Ive.
Aladaule/2, Te/zerau, Persia. Via Russian Post. Mark package: Old magazines--no com-
mercial =value. Also state name and address of sender.

