STAR OF THE WEST 7
[Special to the STAR or TI-IE 
ABDUL-BAHA AT BRISTOL, ENG.
Abdul-Baha arrived here from London mid-day on Saturday, Sept. 23d,
and was much pleased with the glorious Clifton views from the Guest House
windows and balcony, and with the splendid air. After a short rest carriages
were ordered and an extensive drive was taken through some of the world-
renowned beauty spots around Bristol and neighbourhood. Abdul-Baha was
much pleased with, everything and indeed has been radiating joy and happi-
ness among us all. At the evening meal nineteen sat' down with the Master
and he spoke of the great joy he found in freedom and in the growing interest
now being taken in the Cause of Unity and Peace throughout this country.
He told us that this supper was a great and holy occasion and would be
recorded in history. The meal itself, partaken of in love and harmony, was
indeed a sacrament and a mark of unity and fellowship that would bring
the blessing of BAHAJULLAH upon all gathered round the board.
After the meal Abdul-Baha addressed a gathering of about 80 friends
in the Guest House Salon and Tammadon-ul Molk translated. The meeting
was a most remarkable one and a wonderful spirit of unity pervaded the
whole assembly. The Master spoke vigorously and with great fire, especially
in reference to the New Age now dawning and our individual responsibilities
in both East and West [see The Chmistimt Comm-onwealth issue of the 27th,
following]. He then blessed the whole assembly in the name of 
and shook hands with everyone. On Sunday, 24th, the Master rose early,
as is his custom, and from 5'a. m. to 8 a. m. dictated letters and cablegrams.
He then breakfasted with us all and_ sa-id what great joy it afforded him to
be among so many good friends. Another coimtry drive followed and then
he gave several private interviews to friends who had just arrived from Lon-
don, Edinburgh and elsewhere.
After lunch the Master went all over the Guest House blessing and dedi-
cating each room to the service of and promising that the house
would become a centre of peace and rest for pilgrims from East and West.
He also blessed the Oratory and all the workers in the house, calling them
all into his presence and telling them of the dignity of labour and true service.
Again we sat do-Wn nineteen to supper, and again the Master blessed the gath-
ering and showed great joy and animation. After the smoke and noise of
London, Abdul-Baha greatly enjoyed the pure Clifton air and evidently bene-
fited by it. He slept well and spent several hours on Monday morning in
short discourses and in silent prayer.
About mid-day the Master returned to London after expressing the inten-
tion of returning again some day. He wrote a beautiful prayer and blessing
in the Visitors' book, and his presence here will make the Guest House a
centre of peace and unity for all comers.
Sept. 25th. .l'Vclle-slay 

