STAR or THE WEST 13
at the home of one of the friends,' and Dr. Fareed has also come in contact with the
president -and several of the faculty of the State University.
At Santa Rosa a large meeting was arranged by the Saturday Morning Club,
where many school teachers and a few listened to the Glad-Tidings.
At Mill Valley, the club house was secured a.nd notices sent to all the residents
in the village. This meeting was W-ell attended and will, undoubtedly, lead to others.
Two days were spent at San Mateo with the Federation of Women's Clubs. Both
Dr. Fareed and Mrs. Getsinger spoke to large audiences. They also made a trip
across the bay to San Quentin, the Sta.te's prison. There they investigated prison
conditions and talked with a number of the prisoners. Mrs. Getsinger is following
it up in a practical way by interesting people in one or two cases who should justly
come out on parole. Here seems to be a great field for work, especially as the atten-
tion of thinking men and women is turned nowadays to the subject of prison reform.
A series of nine lectures was given in San F"rancisco at the California Club on
S-unday evenings, pres-enting the Bahai Reformation in detail, each evening being
devoted to one phase of its history or teachings. These were well attended by a
thoughtful, earnest representative audience. The same series is being repeated at the
Bellevue Hotel on T'hursday afternoons for the benefit of those who cannot attend
the evening talks.
On Monday evenings, Mrs. G-etsinger meets with a group at the home of one of
the twenty to fifty persons attending.
Recently, an interesting visit was made to S-an Jose, and negotiations are pending
for lectures to be given there. While on this trip they met an influential woman
who resides at Palo Alto and a big meeting was quickly arranged for there-many
students and members of the faculty of Stanford University attending.
Notwithstanding all this arduous work, both of these servants devoted themselves
untiringly to the friends, serving them spiritually and physically, besides meeting
many small groups in an informal, yet effective, way, and attending all the regular
meetings on both sides of the bay.
Although Dr. Fareed has just been called to Egypt, Mrs. Getsinger will remain
to continue the work so well begun.
We feel that California has been greatly blest by the presence of these two
servants. Doors long closed are now opening in every direction and the members
of both Assemblies have arisen with zeal to help in this spiritual "preparation" for
the coming of Abdul-Baha.
NEWS ITEMS.
Bosron, MAss.--Meetings are held on Friday evening, at 7:45 o'clock, at the
Laughton Studios, Room 418, Pierce Building, corner Huntington Ave. and Dart-
mouth St.
Miss Ethel Clement, who was the Corresponding Secretary of the Boston Bahai
AssemblyCalifornia, wrote as follows to the STAR on
THE "As you see, we have changed our time and place for weekly meetings.
We felt that in having our main Assembly on Sunday mornings we were excluding all
church-going peop-le, of whatever religion or sect, from attending our meetings and
receiving therein the inspiration of our message, and of losing their co-operation with
us in spreading the Cause. We also wished to avoid all appearance o-f being a new
religious sect, separating ourselves from others in worship. Constantly the message
comes to us from Abdul-Baha to universalize our efforts--it was in our first Tablet
from him--and we feel that this is a step in that direction."

