STAR OF THE WEST 7
ye friends and maid-servants of the Merciful! If ye are yearning for my meeting,
and if in reality ye are seeking my visit, ye must close the doors of difierence and open
the gates of affection, love and friendship. Ye must pulsate as one heart, and throb as one
spirit. You must be like the Waves, though they are innumerable they constitute the all-
encircling sea.
ye friends and maid-servants of the Merciful! Praise be to God, ye are the fish of
one ocean, the birds of one rose-garden, the trees of one orchard and the flowers of
one paradise. Then why this dii'l:'er'ence? Why this lack of harmony"? Whe1*efo1'e this
condition?
Verily, verily, I say unto you, were it not for this difierence amongst you, the_in-
habitants of America in all those regions would have, by now, been attracted to the King-
dom of God, and would have constituted themselves your helpers and assisters. Is it meet
that you sacrifice this most glorious Bounty for worthless imaginations? No, by God!
Should you reflect for one moment, you shall become enabled to destroy instantly the
foundation 0f_ this difference by absolutely refraining from backbiting and faultfinding
amongst yourselves. Adorn with infinite love' and concord the assemblage of beatitude,
bring about the meeting of happiness, establish the banquet of the oneness of the realm
of humanity, loosen your tongues in praising each other, and then anticipate the presence
of Abdul-Baha in your midst.
Aside from all these considerations, some of the nakazeens have come secretly amongst
you and are expressing their firmness in the Covenant and with all kinds of intrigues and
strategies are creating disorder and calamities, so that ye might he deprived of the
Lights of the Divine Testament and subjected to the darkness of violation.
Is it worthy of you to be engaged with diiferences amongst you and thereby enabling
the nakazeens to spread a noose and chase such firm believers as you are'?
I beg of God to confirm you in union and concord that you may become the cause
of the oneness of the kingdom of humanity. .Live and act in accord with the Divine
Teachings, be abstracted from all the attachments of the human world, characterized
with merciful characteristics, release yourselves from the nether world, become heavenly
souls, spiritual beings and the angels of Paradise.
Upon ye be 
(Signed) ABDUL--BAHA Aesas.
Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, April 28th, 1911.
LL
RECORD OF THIRD ANNUAL CONVENTION OF
BAHAI TEMPLE UNITY.
Oorimihian Hall, 17th Floor, Masonic Temple, Chicago, Ill.
Mounme MONDAY, MAY 1, 1911.
The Convention was opened by Mr. Mountfort Mills, President of Bahai Temple
Unity, who extended greetings and said:
"As the years go by We realize more and more the greatness of this work and the
greatness of the power that is behind it. Let us unite a few moments in silent prayer
in gratitude to God, that We are privileged to come here to take part, each of us, in this,
the greatest Work of the ages. Let us unite in silent prayer in gratitude and supplication
that we may be guided by the Spirit of Truth in our endeavors to further the work of God. 
The commune of silence was followed by Mr. Mills reading the following Tablet,
revealed by Abdul-Baha:
HE IS eon!
my God! 0* my God! We are servants who have sincerely turned our faces unto
Thy Grand Face; severed ourselves from all else save thee in this Great Day and_ are
assembled together in this glorious meeting of one accord and desire, and unanimous in
thought to promulgate Thy Word amid Thy creatures.
my Lord! my Lord! Suffer us to be signs of guidance, standards of Thy
Manifest Religion throughout the world, servants of Thy Great O0venant--O our Exalted
Lord!--appearances of Thy Oneness in Thy Kingdom, the and stars which dawn
forth unto all regions.
0 Lord, make us as seas rolling with the waves of Thy Great Abundance, rivers flowing
from the mountains of Thy Glorious Kingdom, pure fru1ts_on the Tree of Thy illustrious
Cause, plants refreshed and moved by the Breeze of Thy Gift 1Il Thy wonderful vineyard.
Lord, cause our souls to depend upon the signs of Thy Oneness, our hearts to be
dilated with the Bounties of Thy Singleness, so that we may _become united as are
"ripples on a waving sea; become harmonized as are the rays which shine forth from 'a

