STAR OF THE WEST 11
JENAB AFNAN VAKIL DO-WLEH.
On August 29, 1911, there passed away on Mt. Carmel one of the great saints of
the Bahai religion, Jenab Afnan Vakil Dowleh. He was the nearest living relative of
the Bab, being his first cousin, and it was for his father, the Blabfs uncle, that
wrote the Kitab-el~Ighan. Jenab Afnan was a play fellow of the Bab
when a boy and I have heard him describe the beauty and illumination of that
glorious youth. Now, I understand, there is no other Bahai in the world who can
remember meeting the Bab. Those who have been to Acca .will remember his illu-
mined countenance, his long snowy beard and his bright, blue, smiling eyes. Jenab
Afnan spent his wlhole life in serving the Cause and the crowning service of his
long life was the building of the Mashrak-el~Azkar in Eshkab-ad, for it was due to
his aid and untiring energy that that building was erected and he laid the first
stone. The l.ast years o-f his life he spent near his beloved Master in Acca and Haifa
and it was in his home on Mt. Carmel, near the tomb of his divine cbusin, that
he passed away at the great age of eighty-five. In the early morning, at sunrise,
we Bahais of Haifa and Acca took him to his last resting place, the little plot of
land that.the B-ahais have acquired for a cemetery on the slope of Mt. Carmel
near Elijah's cave. These great historical personages in the Cause are leaving us
one by one. Theirs has been the storm and stress~ours the easy reaping where they
have sown. Can we ever realize the great debt we owe to them?
Another of the old believers has passed away this summer, Haji Khan, and his
history is also ve.ry interesting, for when he was young he was a rich and powerful
chief of a tribe in Beluchistan. When he became a believer he gave up his wealth
and position and walked from Beluchilstan to Baghdad to see the Blessed Beauty,
and from that time he was a faithful_follower unto death.
These saints of God! So they live and pass on to their glorious immortality, the
world all unheeding that if it has been entertaining angels unawares.
Sydney Spmgue.
FROM RECENT LETTERS RECEIVED FROM BOMBAY, INDIA.
I fail to express how much people here like to know about Bahaism, and what
a fine field of work is ready, but we require workers. If you can succeed in sending
a few Americans here, only if they pay flying visits, one after the other, thus keep-
ing lndia busy with Bahai talk, it will be very good. The opportunities are more
for our good than that of the Cause. The Cause will progress an-yhow, and if we do
not work, there will be others to do it.
Of course, .mu-ch work isto be done even in America, and you may say we can-
not spare men, and you are quite right there; but the workers here are comparatively
very few, besides if Americans come here it will be more weighty. If we make
efforts we may succeed in spreading the Cause in India. In America the Cause is
well-rooted and set on its footing, while in Indi-a, -a country inhabited by one-fifth or
one-sixth of the world's population, it is not comparatively well-rooted or well-spread,
and we shall be held responsible if we do no-t carry the news to the people of India,
in every part of the country. It is the most important problem of all the problems
and deserves greater attention and care.
We also wish that some American Bahai doctor might come to Bombay or India.
If he comes to Bombay, and if he is well-versed in medicine, he will earn well, will
create stronger bonds -of Unity, and will attract many other people to the Cause. Be-
sides, he will get enough work and be able to serve both the Cause and humanity. If
he is married, so muchthe better. His wife may take up any cause of the poor, the
depressed and the sick. If she too is educated, she may start a school or attend any
school in Bombay she chooses. If we volunteer our services in India, and start some
schools, a hospital or take up the cause of the depressed, I think, if God wishes, in a
very -short time many souls will be attracted to the Cause.
If any teacher' thinks of establishing any school in Bombay, that too will be
very good. But on tlh-at subject you should communicate with us in detail and we
shall supply you every information.
India is a very good place for any sort of work. Its population is 300 millions.
Just think, one-sixth of humanity lives in this small place. Much work can be done
here. The people are good, kind, sympathetic, self-sacrificing, generous, loving and
ready to ofier a helping hand to anything. We must love them, if we wi-sh that they
should love us. N. R. Vakil.

