6 STAR OF THE WEST
and enter With infinite humility and meekness, and when someone reads Tablets
they must be silent and attentive. Shouldanyone desire to speak, he must do
it with the utmost courtesy and with perfect eloquence and fluency by the consent
and permission of the people of the assembly.
Upon thee be greeting and praise!
Si ned ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
9

The believers of God must assemble and associate With each other in the
utmost love, joy and fragrance. They must conduct themselves (in the meet-
ings) with the greatest dignity and consideration, chant divine verses, peruse
instructive articles, read the Tablets of Abdul-Baha, encourage and inspire each
other with love for the Whole human race, invoke God with perfect joy and
fragrance, read the verses of glorification and praises of the Self-Subsistent
Lord and deliver eloquent speeches.
(Signed) ABDUL-BAI-IA ABBAS.
Thy mission in America for the present is this: Thou must travel as far
as possible to every part and pass through cities and towns, summoning everyone
to the Beauty of ABHA, raising the Call of the Kingdom and proclaiming at the
top of thy voice:
hundred thousand glad-tidings be upon ye that the Sun of the Reality of
the Beauty of ABHA hath shone forth from the orizon of the Contingent Being
and hath illuinined the regions with the lights of the Most Great Guirtance.
The realities of the Old Testament and the Gospel are already fulfilled and the
Mysteries of the Heavenly Boohs have become manifest. This is the century of
the Merciful One and the Period of Joy and Gladness. ye heedless ones,
become rnindfull ye sleeping ones, be awakened! ye blind ones, become
seeing! ye deaf ones, become hearing! ye dumb ones, become speakers!
ye dead ones, become lining.-' ye deprived ones, talee a portion! This is the
efiulgence of the Merciful and the moving of the Depthless Sea. This is the out-
pouring of the wonderful and new springtiin-e and the falling of the showers of
the Bounty of the Most Great Lord!"
This is thy mission. (Signed) ABDUL-BA1-IA Ansns.
Thy letter was received and read. Thou hast invited me to America, saying:
"In that region and in that country there are many fragrant and multi-colored
flowers likewise there are thorns and thistles 3 but Abdul-Baha should not look
upon the thistles of the desert. He must hasten to that country for the sake
of the flowers." This simile is very beautiful; but when a gardener invites a
man to his garden, first he will arrange all the flowers with the utmost elegance,
beauty and art, then he will invite his guest. Moreover, there are differences
among the flowers. Therefore pray thou that harmony may be created so that
your country may find the capacity for the Presence of Abdul~Baha. I have
the utmost yearning to meet all of you; but unless the conditions which have
been previously mentioned are realized, my trip to those parts would be diihcult,
for it would produce no results.
I hope that all the friends and the maid-servants of the Merciful may be
united with each other, so that Abdul-Baha Without any cloud may travel from
the East to the West. It is hoped that this unity may become realized.
(Signed) ABDUL-BAI-IA Annas.

