STAR OF THE WEST ll
bounty descend; the new tree give forth new fruit; the new voice become raised
and this new sound reach the ears, that the new will follow the new, and all
the old furnishings and adornments be cast aside and new decorations put in
their places.
I desire for you all that you will have this great assistance and partake of
this great bounty, and that in spirit and heart you will strive and endeavor
until the world of war become the world of peace; the world of darkness the
world of light; satanic conduct be turned into heavenly behavior; the ruined
places become built up; the sword be turned into the olive branch; the flash
of hatred become the flame of the Love of God and the noise of the gun the
voice of the Kingdom; the soldiers of death the soldiers of life; all the nations
of the world one nation; all races as one race; and all national anthems har-
monized into one melody. Then this material realm will be Paradise, the
earth Heaven and the world of Satan become the world of Angels.
(Signed) ABBAS.
Our Persian section this issue contains: (1) Naurooz (New Year's)
Greeting to all_the friends; (2) a state1ne11t of the policies of the Sta/r of the
West as it enters upon its second year; (3) dialogue between a Mohammedan
priest and a Bahai; (4) translation of the "Exhortations"; (5) Tablets regard-
ing Abdul-Baha's coming to America; (6) translation of an article in a Rus-
sian newspaper; (7) review of the progress of the Bahai Cause in the West
and record of the chief events; (8) invitation to the elderly and experienced
Bahais of the East to write three articles concerning the lives of the Bab,
and Abdul--Baha.
THE MASHRAK-EL-AZKAR IN AMERICA.
To the Bahai Assemblies, Greeting:
Having found that some of the friends feel inclined to send money to the
Convention instead of a delegate, we desire to impress upon the Assemblies the
privilege and importance of sending a representative for the reason that such a
gathering is one of the greatest means of unity and the money thus spent will
more than repay those who thus provide the means. The Convention instills
new life and vigor and the returning delegates impart the knowledge gain-ed
regarding the progress of the work and carry the fragrances gathered wherever
they go. So let us feel that we are not only erecting a building, but laying the
foundation of Unity among mankind. Yours in service,
Bernard M. facobsen, Secretary.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
Through Miran Ahmad Sohmb, to the attracted maid-servant of God, Mm,
orinne Chicago, Ill.
HE IS conl
thou beloved maid-servant of God!
Your detailed letter was perused and from its contents it became evident
that the debt on the land of the Mashrak-el-Azkar is clear. This news made
the hearts happy and caused infinite rejoicing.
Now it is hoped that the believers of God may show magnanimity and raise
a great sum for the building, so that the foundation of the Mashrak-el-Azkar
may be laid, and, perchance, God willing, the cornerstone of the foundation
may be laid by the hands of Abdul-Baha.

