STAR OF THE WEST .5
pray for all of you, that all of you may become heavenly soldiers and
that you ma.y everywhere spread the news of the Unity of God and. may
enlighten the East and th-e West and give to all hearts the love of God.
This is my utmost desire and I pray God that your desire may be the same.
am very much pleased with you all. I am pleased with the English
king and government and with the people. You may thank God that you are
free. You do not know what lack of freedom there is in the East; but when
anyone comes to this country he is very content. I wish Go~d's protection
for you."

On Friday, the 22nd of September, Miss Jack and Miss Herrick invited
friends to meet Abdul-Ba-ha at 187A. High Street, Kensington, and about
eighty accepted their invitation.
It was a decidedly cold day after t-hie hot weather, and the air felt raw.
VVhen Abdul-Baha had taken his seat, he asked: "Are you all well'? Are
you all happy?" He places great significance in these two questions which
he always asks, thereby impressing us that true Bahais must be well in spirit
and ought to be correspondingly well in b-ody, and always happy, whatever
the circumstances. Then he said:
"Although the day is cold for me to go out, yet I have come to see you.
For the lover there are no difficulties all is easy. For love I have journeyed
to Londo-n. I see that all present are in harmony and love and with longing
turning their faces towards God. All are attracted to the Kingdom. I give
thanks that they a.re looking towards God, their only desire being to seek the
world of the Kingdom, to see the Light of God and to partake of the Heav-
enly bounty."
"The East and the West are becoming one and showing the signs of
Unity and Love. The hopes of are that there be no more separa-
tion or discord, for ye are all the waves of one sea, the birds in one heaven
and mirrors of the same Bounty. Your civilization has grown under the
banner of Jesus Christ, you have the light of reason, and just government
has been established in the West."
"The Sun of Truth arises in the Orient and shines from the East to the
\Vest. Then civilization and education appear in the Occident and spread
from West to East; but the Light of the Kingdom shines from East to West.
This is the outpouring of the Holy Spirit and the spring time of heaven-,
when the heavenly civilization is being bestowed upon the people."
'It has come now when they were not shining with- this Light, nor caring
for it. I hope that the Western people will now receive this New Light -and
become illuminated by it, and that the East may have improved civilization
from the I/Vest.' 
Abdul-Bal1a's visit here has aroused great interest and enthusiasm among
the friends in Persia, various communities there having sent us telegrams of

