6 STAR OF THE WEST
TABLET TO THE AMERICAN FRIENDS FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
Translate this Tablet in great haste, and -with its original, print and spread.
(Signed) ABDUL BAHA ABBAS.
Throu Mir Ah 1
za I mac Sohrab--Upon him be the friends of God
and the niaid-servants of the Merciful:
Upon them be 
HE IS ion!
0 ye friend's and the of the Merciful.'
When the deposed Sultan of the Ottoman Em ire Abd 1 
amid, arose in tyranny
and oppression, Abdul-Baha was incarcerated in the prison of Acca and was surrounded
with the tm '11
os survei ance of police, detectives and men of the Secret Service. The
door of communication was entirely closed and the means of correspondence was pre-
vented. If any soul approached the house he was searched; nay rather threatened with
dire persecution. l'he reached to such a degree that not bein seitisfi 'th th
_e wi ese
restrictions, the Sultan sent an oppressive investigating Commission, so that with all
kinds of wiles simulation 1 
s, an er and fabrication of false stories they might fasten
some guilt upon Abdul-Baha in order that he might crucify Him, or cast Him into the sea
or banish Him into the heart of the distant and unknown Sahara of Feyzan (Africa). That
oppressive investigating Commission exercised its rights with tyranny and passed the
sentence that Abdul-Baha. merited all kinds of persecution. Finally they decided to send
Him to, Feyzan, and when they cabled this decision to the alace answer was received that the matter of Feyzan was approved by the Imperial Order. Then
investigating Commission returned to Constantinople. They were in the midst
of the-sea when the cannon of God boomed forth before the palace of Abdul Hamid, a
charge of dynamite was exploded, a number of people were killed, Abdul Hamid fled into
the interior of his residence, difficulties and trials surrounded him and incidents and
events developed rapidly. Therefore he did not find the opportunitBaha; public revolution was started, which ended in his deposition, and the Hand of Divine
- 
ower re ease neck of Abdul Baha from the chains of the prison of Joseph and the
fetters and manacles were placed around the unblessed neck of Abdul Hamid. Be ye
admonished, ye people of insight! Now Abdul-Baha, with the greatest power, has
hastened to the country of Egypt from the land of prison. Praise be to God, that through
the Bounty and Providence of the Blessed Perfection, no sooner did he land in Alexandria.
than the Word of God was promoted and the melody of the Kingdom of ABHA was heard.
All the newspapers wrote innumerable articles. Some gave the utmost praise; others
raised a great cry, saying: "The arrival of thispersonage in this land will shake the
pillars of Religion and will shatter to pieces ancient customs and conventions. He at-
tracts every one he meets and when he loosens his tongue in any meeting it creates faith in
the hearts of the deniers." The papers are still writing detailed article,s and will continue
to do so.
Now the friends and the maid-servants in America have written innumerable letters and
all of them are pleading that Abdul-Baha make a trip to that country. Their supplications
and entreaties are insistent. In view of the clifierences among the friends and the lack
of unity among the maid-servants of the Merciful, how can Abdul-Baha hasten to those
parts'? Is this possible'? No, by God!
If the friends and the maid-servants of the Merciful long for the visit of Abdul-Baha,
they must immediately remove from their midst difierences of opinion and be engaged in
the practice of infinite love and unity. No Bahai must open his lips in blaming another
one, he must regard backbiting as the greatest humanity, for it is clearly revealed
in all the Tablets of that backbiting and faultfinding are the fiendish
instruments and suggestions of Satan and the destroyers of the foundation of man. A
believer will not blame any soul among the strangers, how much less against the friends.
Faultfinding and backbiting are the characteristics of the weak minds and not the friends.
Self-exaltation is the attribute of the stranger a11d.n0t_0f the Beloved. It is our hope
that the believers and the maid-servants of the Merciful in America may become the cause
of the union of the East and the West, and unfurl the Standard of the Oneness of the
Realm of Humanity. Now, we observe that strangeness, lack of unity_and the utmost dif-
ferenee exists among the friends and the maid-servants of the Merciful. Under such a
flmdition, how can they arise to guide the pe_ople_0f the world and and
harmony between the nations of the earth? His Highness Christ, addressing His disciples,
said: "Ye are the salt of the earth: but if the salt hath lost its savour, wherewith shall
it be salted?"

