STAR OF THE WEST 3
The truth is One because humanity is One i11 the unity of universal life
and in the Oneness of God. This truth is the basis of the Universal Religion
and will be the salvation of the world, when the world will have understood
its law--the law of Love, which is the only law of Peace, because it is the
unique law of Equilibrium: the law of Justice.
You will recall to our minds, parched by an excess of analysis, the gentle
way in which, in the figurative language of the East, our fathers, the prophets,
gave us the teachings which ha.ve the most profoundly touched our hearts.
Like them you will show us our social and individual happiness depending
entirely upon the law of Love to which all must remain submitted.
Spiritualis-tic thought is multipleshould is
divided against those very men who pretend to be the guardians
of the infallible truth-, show by their private and public actions that they have
lost the meaning of the only law. The greater part of the materialism which
is submerging us has sprung from their errors. A tree is judged by its fruit.
But there is no night Without its stars; on every deluge floats an ark of safety;
and from death springs new life. So the antique and pure light has not dis-
appeared. It still resides in the soul of the people. On all sides are hearths
Where its name i-s nourished, and our day will see the convergence of all these
ardent flames towards their eternal home.
All this I have had the pleasure of expressing to you during the several
interviews you have s-o kindly accorded me; and of voicing the general desire
on the part o-f the Alliance Spiritualiste, that your followers, the Bahais of
Paris, will consider our home their own and ourselves their twin brothers. I
will never forget the exquisite sympathy with which you have personally hon-
ored me, translated by two phrases which will always remain a bond between
us. "Here," you said, "is the true fraternity and to myself in particular
you expressed this sentiment, whose faithful echo I return in full: "My heart
and yours, my mind and yours, are one."
have met then in the very heart of truth where it is impossible for
those who know the road not to meet in the magnificent communion of Light
and Love. The time is coming soon when the Orient and the Occident will
understand and unite to inaugurate an epoch of regenerated humanity. Man-
kind will always guard the souvenir of those who have worked and suffered for
it; in suffering for your name, Mas-ter, will be blessed among those
who have rendered this service.
ADDRESS BY ABDUL-BAT-IA.
I am very grateful for the words and sentiments expressed by the general
secre-tary. I give thanks to God to find myself in Paris in such a spiritual
assembly.
If we look at the atmosphere of this meeting, we see that the spirit floats
in it, the bounties of God descend, the aid of the Holy Spirit is seen. Thanks
to God, these he-arts are endowed with spiritual sentiments; the vibrations of
the soul make them-selves felt.
The spirit is like the sea, this assembly like the waves-though they are
numerous, they all come from the same sea; though they apparently have
different forms and aspects, the unity of the spirit is manifest.
All the prophets and Divine Manifestations have come to educate men,
in order that the unity of the human world may shine clearly and 

