STAR OF WEST 7
Our two messengers of peace even spoke on the battleship "California," the
flagship of the fieet;, and across the boundary in Mexico, at Tia Juana, they
gave succor to some of the Wounded in one of the skirmishes between the
federal and insurrectionary forces of Mexico. During this struggle, Dr.
Fareed told the Waiting Red Cross corps, in their tent of the coming of
to bring peace to the World; and it is of significant interest
that Dr. Fareed was asked by the Red Cross commander to act as surgeon
on the field, and that Mrs. Cretsinger was installed as one of the nurses. Sev=
eral newspapers of San Diego reported the meetings that were held and gave
accounts of the Work and training of Mrs. Getsinger and Dr. Fareed. Inter-
est grevv rapidly, and when the two speakers returned to Los Angeles, after
an absence of several Weeks, a Bahai Center was left in La Jolla, and hun-
dreds of persons in San Diego and its vicinity had heard the Words of
BAHA 'o 
In Los Angeles, an audience of about four hundred was addressed by
both Mrs. Getsinger and Dr. Fareed, _,and many interested ones stayed to
ask for fuller information and to offer assistance in furthering the spread of
The Message. Mrs. Getsinger spoke to the American Women's League in its
own hall, and both speakers addressed the World's Spiritual Congress, in
session at Long Beach. Dr. Fareed spoke in the Church of the Golden Rule,
at Pasadena, and Mrs. Getsinger addressed the regular meeting of believers
in Los Angeles in the Walker Auditorium, In all about a thousand people in
Los Angeles and vicinity--Pasadena, 'Long Beach, Glendale and Tropico--
have listened to these speakers.
It is now thirteen years since Mrs. Getsinger sowed in California the first
seeds of the Bahai teachings. Today she is rejoicing in the first fruits of that
planting, even While she helps break greater fields throughout the state and
make them ready for the longed-for coming of Abdul-Baha.
BRIEF SYNOPSIS or DR. AT Los ANGELES Barons AN AUDIENCE on
Four. HUNDRED Inqumnas.
Ladies and gentlemen, my friends in God:
I am glad to read to you from the Words of ye discerning
ones of the people! Verity the words which have descended from the heaven of the
will of God are the source of unity and harmony for the world. Glose your eyes to
racial differences and welcome all with the Light of Oneness. Be the cause of the
comfort and promotion of humanity. This handful of dust, the world, is one home:
let it be in unity. Forsahe pride, it is a cause of discord. Follow that which tends
to harmony. Oonsort with all the people with love and fragrance. Fellowship is the
cause of unity, and unity is the source of order in the world. Blessed are they who
are hind and serve with love."
The Bahai Movement is not a sect, a. cult, nor a religious denomination. There-
fore, we are not here to invite you to join any sectarian issue, nor to fetter you with
a creed. In presenting to you the Bahai Movement We will endeavor to inform you
of a subject which has attracted to itself the attention of thoughtful men in all
parts of the world. A great movement for which twenty thousand people in Persia

