10 STAR OF THE WEST
of whose service in London we have read so much lately, and Kosro, the faithful
servant. Mirza Ahmad Yazdi came later, also Mirza Rafiie, D-r. Hakim of Teheran and
Riaz Effendi of Cairo.
Abdul-Baha not being very much occupied during those days, we- were with him
constantly, sailing on the lake or driving through the mountain roads with him.
The day of my arrival one of the- Persian brothers, returning from a drive with him,
told me this story:
Abdul-Baha, he said, to relieve the horses in a steep climb had gotten out of
the carriage and walked. They passed through a village. The villagers clustered
around him. They hared their heads and called him "Father." One woman ran into
her house and brought out some country bread and cheese. "Accept this, dear
Father," she said. (Blessed are the pure in heart!)
One drive I shall never forget. It was a drive through scenes of rare beauty,-
roads winding among great hills that were as steps to the near Alps. Sitting opposite
Abdul-Baha in the carriageshould like to- leave to the future
--were it possible for me to express powerful head vividly defined against
the most sublime of backgrounds; for those near mountains of the Alps, their heads
hid in rolling clouds, were his background--perfect symbol of mystery!
As an artist I should like to say to those who have not seen Abdul-Baha that
his head is the strongest and most nobly sculptured that it is possible to conceive.
One more touch I must few words overheard in passing two ladies:
"He has so kind, so simple an air," said one.
"Yes," replied the other, "and eyes of fire!"
We passed fertile hills, covered with vines and corn--or fruit trees; we passed
foaming mountain torrents; we passed little villages, and always the background of
these verdant scenes was the panorama of the lonely Alps, their heads wreathed with
clouds. And nothing escaped his eyes. Never shall I forget his keen, sympathetic,
eager, delighted =observation,--his tender interest in all human joy in the
beautiful. He particularly seemed to enjoy the gentle hillsides--the signs
of verdure (think of his life spent in arid, stony Accal). Whenever he passed a
village-~a human saw his heart went out to it--though how much
that heart went out these hearts could not know! We never passed a church, its
spire delicately -rising among the hills, but that he pointed it out to us. Once in
the drive we saw a little village built on a barren height. This seemed to concern--
even to trouble him greatly, and he referred several times to it. "How cold it must
be for them there in winter!" he said, and told us of just such a village in Persia
where the people in winter moved down to the valley.
Once he bro-ke a silence thus: "There was no one in the world who loved tree-s
and water and the country so much as 
We were too moved to answer and again there was silence. And in that silence
some realization came to me of the sacrifice of these Holy Ones, who acce-pt with
joy all privation, all suffering to lead us in the way of imbue man-
kind with that love which will make us brothers--to purify, then unite the hearts.
How great must be their love for us--how their hearts must bleed over us--that they
can joyously court such suffering! A great enough love indeed to enkindle the whole
world from one heart! Ho-w else save "with heart and life" could we respond to such
love? One day he said to me: "The child does not realize the love of the parent,
but when it becomes mature, it knows." "Clan the creature," I asked, "ever realize
the love of the Creator'? "Yes, if not in this world, then in the next--~as a sleeping
one awakens."
To turn to the day of our drive. We came to a great sparkling,
snowy torrent, dashing down a black precipice. had us stop the carriage, and

