6 STAR OF THE WEST
end, that you may be the cause of it. It is certain that the Flag of Divinity
has been raised and the Sun of Righteousness. of God appears upon the hori-
zon. Be faithful and loving workers that you may be among the blest of God
and receive the benefits of the Kingdom of ABI-IA.
October 25.
I regret that you have been kept waiting so long. Yet, I have waited so
many years in prison before I could see you--surely you do not mind waiting
a little to see me. Our hearts a.re always together and the Bounty of the
Kingdom of ABI-IA binds our spirits in one. For have we not one aim, one
desire and one prayer? Therefore we are always together.
Last night, When I returned home, I did not sleep. I lay awake thinking
and I said to myself: "Here am I in Paris. my God! what is Paris and
who am I never thought from the darkness of my prison that I should
come here and be among you, for I was condemned to- perpetual imprisonment.
When I read the document which told me of my sentence, I said to the officials:
"It is impossible!" And they were astonished. Then I said to them: "If
Abdul-Hamid were immortal and I myself were immortal, then would it be
possible for him to condemn me to be in prison forever, but as we are not
immortal, then it is impossible. My spirit is free and that can no man im-
prison."
Now you see the powers of God, that I am no longer in prison, but here
in Paris, talking with you. I am thankful to meet the spiritual friends and
you also must be happy that God has allowed me to co-me among you. For
who indeed would have thought it possible that I should be here talking in
Paris?
FAREWELL woans TO EUROPE.
December 1.
I bid a loving farewell to the people of France and England. I am very
much pleased with them. I counsel them that they may day by day
strengthen the bond of lo-ve and amity to this end#--that they may become the
sympathetic embodiment of one nati0n--that they may extend themselves to
a universal Brotherhood to guard and protect the interests and rights of all
the nations of the East--that they may unfurl the Divine Banner of justice
that they may realize and treat each nation as a family com-posed of the indi-
Vidual children of God and may know that before the sight of God the rights
of all are equal.
For all of us are the children of one Father. God is at peace with all
His children: why should they engage in strife and warfare among themselves"?
God is showering down kindness; why should the inhabitants of th-is world ex-
change unkindness and cruelty'! 
"Ye are all the leaves of one tree amcl the fm/its of one lama.-ch."
Beware! Beware! Lest ye offend any heart.
Beware! Beware! Lest ye hurt any soul.
Beware! Beware! Lest ye deal unkindly toward any person.
Beware! Beware! Lest ye be the cause of hopelessness to any creature.

