10 STAR OF THE WEST
. . . "The principle of Faith is to lessen words and to increase deeds. He.-whose
words exce-ed his acts knows verily that his non-being is better than his being and
death better than his life." These virile words from the. teachings of Bah'a'ullah
reiterate s-ome of the strong sentiments in the Koran and Gospel, yet the world's
judgments too often incline towards the plausible theoretician or armchair philosopher
whose hands are mostly idle.
Some of -our most honoured names in the London religious, and intellectual world
have met and heard Abdul Baha. People travelled long distances in Europe to see
and speak to him. He addressed two vast Sunday audiences in the City Temple and
St. John's, Westminst-er, besides countless other public meetings. In Paris where he
is now -staying he is also attracting the interestiand keen sympathy of thinkers in
the intellectual ranks.
It remlains on his return later to his native East for the friends of Islam to pay
a just and generous trib-ute to this brave worker in the cause of peace and unity and
thus consolidate the work -of true brotherhood really going on among people of dif-
ferent nations at the present time. Yours, etc., J. STANNARD.
An editorial of equal interest commenting upon the foregoing article
appeared in the same issue. In quoting it, we italicize certain statements to
which we would direct the attention of the friends of the Cause in the 'West:
THE RETURN OF ABBAS EFFENDI.
The letter from Mrs. J. Stannard, which we publish in another column today,
recalls the fact that Abbas Effendi, the leader of the B-ahai movement, is shortly ex-
pected to return to the country where he has spent such a large part -of his time since
the Young Turks released him from his long imprisonment at Acre. His presence
here last year did not arouse the curiosity that such an interesting and commanding
personality might have been expected to evoke. His venerable figure might have been
observed by the initiated, a quietly amused spectator at aviation meetings and the
like, or gently expounding his doctrines to a few eager disciples in the shady walks
of Nouzha Gardens. But his doings attracted less public notice than those of com-
paratively unimportant oflicials and infinitely less than those of Farid Bey. Islam
remained indifferent--if we disregard the early revilings of the local Moslem 
and the greater part of the Christian community, it is safe to say, was entirely ig-
norant of the fact that we had such a mighty teacher in our midst, a man whose
followers are said to number over a million in Persia alone, and whose' doctrines
are spreading in America and elsewhere with astonishing rapidity. The indifference,
or hostility, of Islam is the more remarkable since, as Mrs. Stannard observes, Abbas
Effendi has probably "done more in Europe and America to remove obsolete intoler-
ance against the Mohamedan faith than any reformer of our day." Bahaism tolerates
all faiths, apparently believes in all faiths up to some point never very clearly de-
fined; and it has done Islam the service of explaining to the Far West that Mohamed-
ans are not merely the Mormons of another hemisphere. Tolerance so sublime as
Abbas Efiendfs is not easy to understand, even in the Twentieth Century, and though
Mrs. Stannard tells us that the followers of every known religion were to be found in
the Bahai circle we cannot help doubting whether any very orthodox 
or Christians either, for that numbered among them. As far as Egypt
is concerned, at all events, the new religion has made little perceptible progress and
has met with nothing but indifference or active hostility from the representatives
of the older faiths. The voice of the Eastern Tolstoy, with his doctrines of peace and
good will, has been drowned in the present outburt of patriotism and militant religion,
just as the Western Tolstoy was shouted down in Russia, just as the Master from

