10 STAR OF THE WEST
The night after my arrival (Sunday), Abdul-Bah-a occupied the pulpit of the
Reverend R. J. Campbell in "The People's Temple." It was an occasion of great'
moment, being the first time that Abdul-B-aha had ever -addres-sed an -audience. The
Temple was packed from floor to gallery. There must have been 3,000 persons pres-
ent. At the end of a sho-rt address, Dr. Campbell, in -a most beautiful way, introduced
Abdul-B-aha to the audience. Then Abdul-B-aha arose and in the Persian language
addressed the people. No one would have imagined it to have been Abdul-Baha's first
pu-blic oration. He was supremely the master of the situation.
-He spoke for several minutes with an increasing for-ce-fulness. At first the people
were attentive, then just a bit restless before all seemed to catch the spirit of wha.t
he was saying. Hardly any understood Persi-a.n. Then a stillness and a quietness
fell over the assemblage and as Abdul-Baha raised his hands in prayer and benedic-
tion, we were all conscious of the Omnipresent Spirit of God, for every so-ul seemed
to vibrate in unison with the soul of Abdul-Baha, who is God's servant here upon
earth today.
A translation o-f Abdul-Ba-ha's address. was then read by Mr. Tudor-Pole. When
the people dispersed a crowd gathered about the door, rema.ining the-re- until Abdul-
Baha le-ft the building. As he crossed the pavement, many hands. were extended
toward him, some to clasp his hands, others to touch his robe as he- passed. Later
on in the evening, Abdul-Baha said that had told him. many years
before that he would proclaim the coming of the Kingdom in those parts.
With Abdul-Baha were sever-al of the Oriental Bahais, Mirza Assad 'Ullah, of
Haifa, Mohammed Bagher Khan, of Shiraz, Tamm-odan-ul-Molk and inter-
preter) a.nd Ab-dul-Bah-a's attendant, Kho-sroe. These, with Mons. Dreyfus, of Paris,
who was acting as interp-r-eter, comprised the immediate suite.
Before Abdul-Baha reached London, Lady Blomfield, one of the- Bahais, extended
her hospitality to him. This he accepted. Her apartment in C'adogan Gardens was
thrown o-pen to all. It s-e-e-med quite like Abdul-Bal1a's own home. The believers. and
truth-seekers would begin coming at a very early hour of the mo-rning, continuing
their visits until night, Abdul-Baha receiving them collectively in the drawing-room,
and individually in his o-wn room, he now and then taking a moment in which to
write so-me Table-ts to the friends in foreign parts.
visit to London is a very busy one indeed. When I handed him
some letters from the American B-ahais he said, "Tell the friends of God in America
th-at I am now very busy and have but little o-pportunity for writing to them. Never-
theless, they are always in my heart and remembered in my prayers. At present
I will not be able to continue my travels to America, but later" on, a.t another time,
I will visit the United States and meet the believers there."
In speaking o-f the Unity of the Races, Abdul-Baha said that the American Bahais
sho-uld strive to bring about harmony and understanding betwe-en the white and col-
ored peoples. The-re should be the uttermo-st love a.nd oneness of spirit between the
colored and white believe-rs. No distinctions should be made between them. In this
way the Bahais will eventually become the cause of the Unity of the Races and this
great evil 0-f racial warfare which now troubles the world, will be dissolved and the
people of all races will become as one people. The believers sh-ould meet these racial
conditions with steadfastness and firmness, and through the love of God they will be
enabled to overcome all opp-ositi-on and the Kingdom of God will then become estab-
lished in the world of humanity.
Abdul-Baha seemed greatly pleased with London. Everything interested him.
One afternoon Mrs. Thornberg-Cropper took Abdul-Bah-a, and several of us believers,
o-ut in her m-otor fo-r a run through Richmond Park. On reaching the Common,
Abdul--Bah-a alighted fo-r a few minutes walk and became deeply interested in an
aeroplane which we could discern above the horizon away in the distance.
As the ride continued, Ab-dul-Baha praised the advancement of the English
women, and remarked that a few days before he had seen a man and a woman racing
on" bicycles and that the wom-an had kept ahead of the man. His pleasure and amuse-
ment at this outcome was very evident.

