STAR OF THE WEST 15
never on God's plane. We may be the adopted sons and daughters of God, but no
part of His Essence.
All religious sects agree as to the Oneness of God; but we find the Sin-gleness of God
emphasized in the teachings of If God be Single, it is a self-evident fact
that man cannot be any part of His Essence from any standpoint. As we have said, man
may possess the attributes of God, but they are His gifts, as man comes into at-one-ment
with His Will.
The Bahai bases all spiritual truth upon the Oneness* and Singlenessyt then, of God;
consequently the Bahai knows that man's powers are limited, and his daily confession
before the Lord of Glory is: testify that I am powerless and Thou art Powerful;
I am weak and Thou art mighty." Let us turn to the Words of himself,
for confirmation. In the Book of Ighan, which is one of his greatest works, he says:
"It is evident to the possessors of knowledge and illumined minds that the Unseen
Divinity and Essence of Oneness hath been and is everlastingly hidden in His own
Essence, and will be eternally concealed from eyes and sights in His own Identity.  
No relation, connection, separation, union, nearness, remoteness, position or reference
is possible between I-Iim and the contingent things, inasmuch as all in the heavens and
earth have become existent by the Word of His Command, and have stepped forth from
utter and absolute non-existence and nothingness into the court of the existent and
visible--throngh His desire, which is the Will Itself."
Bahais recognize the fact that man may dominate his body and soul; may heal the
body of its diseases, caused by an unbalanced mind; and overcome defects in character,
by an understanding of the law of concentration and the human will. But you observe
that the above process is based upon the intellect, or the knowledge of material law; upon
reason, and the five senses; all of which belong on the human plane and will never enter
the realm of Spirit, for Spirit knows. It has no need of reason and intellect in that
sphere. We apprehend Wisdom to be the gift of the Holy Spirit to those whose wills
have been yielded to the Will of God; for until one's will has been yielded to Him,
his intellect and reason will veil him from the inner significances of God's Word and
purposes. Wisdom is the knowledge of the Divine Law, which cannot be obtained
through reason and research aloneneed, then, of intellectual pursuit and attainments'!
If he should cease to develop his brain faculties and abandon the realm of reason'? By
no means, for these powers are given us that our capacity may be enlarged on this plane,
so that God may Himself through us and use us in His kingdom on earth, to
prepare those who are seeking Him and be better able to meet all sorts and conditions of
mankind,--so helping them into the light from their own. standpoint; for until man has
been quickened from within, he must be taught from the intellectual side of his nature; he
must be reasoned with. We must be able "to give a reason for the hope that is within
us," and be able to state the truth so as to be comprehended. It is our privilege to
enlarge our possibilities on every plane, but always to keep in mind the fact of our
limitations.
The trend of metaphysical movement within the past few years has been to cause
man to assume God's power to be his own, by his right in being a part of God; and its
tendency in many cases has been to turn the mind from the Oneness of God to self and
self-glorification.
Abdul-Baha, the Servant of God, whose ofiice is to unlock to man spiritual truth, says,
 
"Oneness, in its true significance, means that God alone should be realized as the
One Power which animates and dominates all things, which are but manifestations of Its
energy. 'o 'lLah.
T"God, singly and alone, abideth in His Own Place, which is holy above space and
time, mention and utterance, sign, description and definition, height and 
Baha '0 'llah.

