STAR OF THE WEST 5
in the spiritual. Likewise many, who are at the bottom of the social and
material ladder, are very much advanced spiritually.
Galien, a Greek Philosopher who died at the time when the Christian
Religion was in its growth--and was not himself a Christian--wrote many
books about material civilization and development. He states as his belief
that Religion is th-e basis of all true civilization, that is to say that not only
must the brain and gifts of a nation be educated, but also the moral character.
The Christians, he points out, are an example to show the truth of this theory,
for theirs was the basis upon which the largest and most prosperous civiliza-
tion of the world had been founded and their morals were very high. They
Were taught not to fear dea.th, and to love their neighbors as themselves and
live only for the good of humanity, and only to think of doing good to man-
kind. If these principles had been carefully carried out by the followers of
Jesus Christ, then there would be no need for the world to be reawakened.
But winter fell upon the hearts of men, and God sent His prophets to shine
upon them with the Spring of the Sun of righteousness that they may be again
awakened and blossom forth and bear fruit. Because mankind has shut its
ears to the Voice of God and has neglected His teachings, wars and tumults,
unrest and misery have fallen upon them. Let us make every effort to reopen
the hearts of men to the V\7ill of God. I pray God to give you power to bring
humanity beneath the rays of the Sun of Truth and Peace.
October 23.
When a man has found joy in one place he returns to that same place to
find his joy again. VVhen a man has found gold in a mine he will return
again to that mine to find more gold; this is a natural la.w and shows forth the
vital and spiritual powers which God has bestowed upon man, and the natural
instinct which is born in him. The Great Light of the Spirit has ever arisen
in the East, but it has s=hed forth its radiance into the West. And in the Vi-Test
has it found its greatest force of expansion.
The Christ rose like a star in the horizon of the East, but the Light of His
influence has taken root more firmly in the West. This shows us how that the
people of the West are very faithful in their hearts and they do not easily
forget. The West is like a good plant. When the rain falls gently upon it to
give it nourishment and the sun shines upon it to give it warmth, then does it
blossom forth and bear good fruit.
It is a long time since the Sun of Righteousness has shed its Radiance
upon the West, for the Face of God has been hidden by the sin and forget-
fulness of man; but now, thanks be to God! the Sun -shines forth in all its
glory and the breath of the Holy Spirit is watchful over the nations. Let us
pray to God that the light and refreshment may awaken the people and give
them new life, that they shall find a second life and there shall be a new
creation. Humanity shall put on a new garment and the Mercy of God will
be showered upon the people. My earnest desire is that you will work for this

