STAR OF THE WEST 5
The solving' of these international problems depend upon the increase of
the number of the lovers of Peace, and those who are devoted to the greater
friend-ship of nations may add their power to the public opinion which revolves
around the Peace of the World. Then, through the powerful demonstration
of the people of peace and reconciliation, all the nations will be forced to accept
the doctrine of Peace.
Love is illumination. Love is the cause of life. Hatred is conducive
to death. Undoubtedly wise men prefer life to death, unity to discord, and
will endeavor with heart and soul that these impenetrable dark clouds may
vanish and the Sun of Reality may shine forth; this world may become another
world; this mound of earth may be changed into a delectable paradise, the
East and the West may embrace each other, the North and the South may clasp
hands of true fellowship, so that the true, divine Lo-ve may become unveiled in
the world of man. For to love man is to love God, and to be kind to the people
is to serve God. Pray and exert yourselves with heart and soul so that you
may become the means 0-f creating love among the children of men. We hope
that through your efforts religious, racial and political prejudices may pass
away, and the tired world may receive peace and tranquillity.
You who have children know of a fact how beloved they are to you.
Those who are bereaved of the meeting of their children because they are killed
in fighting, are like unto you. Consider, what will be the mental agitation of
a mother and a father when they look upon the body of their son steeped in
blood! Will they have any more desire to live"? Will they have any com-
posure, any comfort'? Those who are now at war in Tripoli are passing through
agonies and their fathers and mothers are in a desperate mood.
God has created us to be loving and compassionate toward each other, and
not draw the sword before each others' fa.ces. We must adorn the gathering
of love and peace, and not drill soldiers fo-r the ranks of the army. must
organize courts of justice. God has given to us eyes so that we may look
upon each other with the eyes of the Love of God. He has granted us hearts
so that we may become attached to each other and not show enmity and
rancour. Consider how God has been good to man! He has given him under-
standing, intelligence and sentiment so that he may exert these divine faculties
in the path of love and not in the way of harm. We must supplicate God
that He may confirm and assist us to become the embodiment of the perfec-
tions o-f man; not to extinguish the torch lighted by the Hand o-f Majesty;
not to stop the downpouring. of the Rain of Mercy; not to out His green and
verdant trees; not to prevent the descent of heavenly blessings, but to become
confirmed in such wise as to adorn the realm of humanity, to illumine the
East and the West, to create means of the interdependence of man, to destroy
the basis of War and to become the cause of the affiliation of the hearts.
This is our hope! This is our utmost aspiration! We beg of God to
assist us therein. His Highness dawned from the horizon of

