STAR OF THE WEST
T/ol. ll if Chicago (December 31,1911) Sharaf N0, 16
DISCOURSES BY ABDUL-BAHA.
GIVEN AT PARIS, FRANCE.
October 17, 1911.
I wish you to study the works of the Blessed Beauty and to live according
to His teaching. The basis of the tea.ching of is as follows:
"Bear in your heart great love to all races on earth, to the end that unity may
be established between them. Take an interest in everyone and find out how
you can help them, so that all may see that your love is truly universal. Do
the Will of God, do not only speak about it; the elect of God do this. People
do much speaking to advance their own glory and to make thenlselves appear
superior to their neighbors. But if you do the Will of God and do not blazon
it abroad, then you will change the who-le world. They who do most speak
least.
Man must ever be thinking of drawing nearer to God.
Look at the Italians, they pretended to love humanity, yet they wished to
seize Tripoli for their own advancement, not for the good of humanity.
I hope that you will some day be able to hinder suchactions, and thus
enable justice to reign everywhere. I hope you Will be able to make all hearts
pure and tender, all efforts sincere, so that everyone may work for the good of
humanity. This is my prayer and desire.
Uotober 18.
The Relation between Thought and Action.--You must not only think
thoughts, but do actions. The reality of men is their thoughts and their spir-
its, not their material -bodies. Man and animal with regard to matter are
partners. The difference is that man has the power of thought.
Thoughts may be divided into two classes: 1. The world of thought
alone. 2. The world of thought which expresses itself in action. For in-
stance, philosophers belong to the first class, for they only heavenly
thoughts and do not do heavenly deeds. VVhereas spiritual teachers belong to
th-e second class, for they express their high and noble thoughts in actions as
soon as they think them.
Question." If one refuses the Cause of during his lifetime,
may he hear of it after death?
Yes, he will hear of it in his next life, but through the mercy of God
alone, not through his own ab.ility.
Question.' Are we not able, through love and faith, to make those on the
other side hear of the Cause who had not heard of it while on earth?
Yes, surely sincere prayer always has its effect, and it has a great influ-

