STAR OF THE WEST 13
school and took charge of the girls' school. By now the girls' school enrollment has
reached about 150, and I am there from morning until about 4 P. M., excepting an
hour or more just before noon that I give the highest class in the boys' school. The
boys have had several years of English, so my work there is easier, but the girls'
school was only started last spring and of the three classes of girls I teach only the
highest has had instruction in English. But -all are eager to learn--on1y we need
more teachers from America. The native teachers here are lovely women but have
never been educated themselves, except the directress who- learned or studied fifteen
years ago in the mission school here. So the work is seriously handicap-ped and my
hands are full, indeed. But during the three months, or, rather, ten weeks, I have
been here, we are slowly evolving into some show of system. Infinite patience is
necessary. We have had endless beautiful gatherings among the believers. I keep
saying how happy I am to be a woman, for I can meet freely both the men and women.
S-o far have been in about fifty different homes, both Bahai and Mohammedan, and
not only are Fridays and Sundays thus taken up, but sometimes every afternoon after
school.
You cannot imagine how beloved Dr. Moody and Dr. Clock are. Dr. Clock had
no-t been very well, but is now regaining her old strength. Miss Stewart has not yet
arrived at a point, or, rather, conditions are not yet ready for work exclusively
among the Bahais, but she has had two long cases of illness, one English and the
other American, to nurse. Just now she herself is nearly recovered from a light
attack of typhoid.
We are all rejoicing at the near prospect of Abdul-Baha's visit to America and
hope he will also come to Persia. We are not at all worried about the crisis here and
feel that all will be well with Persia, for He has said it. Please inform all the dear
friends of these contents and give to all our hearty, loving Bahai greetings.
Always yours in His service,
LILLIAN 
_i 
OUR PERSIAN SECTION:
(1) Editor's explanation and apology for delay in issuing Persian sections of
STAR or TI-IE Wnsr, and details of his trip to France; (2) p-hotograph of Abdul-Baha;
(3) recent Tablet to the American Bahais; (4) approaching visit of Abdul-Baha to
America and his acceptance of invitations" t-o- speak in churches and other organiza-
tions; (5) photograph of Kenosha, Wis., Board of Consultation; (6) the Universal
Races Co-ngre-ss and Ab-dul-Baha's Tablet to it; (7) effect of his visit to Europe and
announcement of publication of his addresses in book form; (8) Abdul-Baha's address
before Alliance Spiritualiste in Paris; (9) address on "The Spiritual and Material
Worlds"; (10) discourse on the future unity of Persia and England; (11) Tablet
pertaining to the spread of the Cause in England; (12) photograph of the Baltimore
Bahais; (13) discourse on the subject of the Aryan Race, and that the English and
Persian peoples are from the same origin; 14) Abdul-Baha's farewell address to Eng-
land and the nine principles of the Bahai Disp-ensation; (15) discourse on the future
promotion of the Cause in France; (16) address on the subject of the "Return of the
Manifestations of God" being like unto the return of the seasons of the year and the
dawn of the sun from different points on the horizon; (17) address on "Words and
Deeds."
Miss Beatrice E. Lane, who translated the Bahai Message into Japanese, and
among whom it has been well received, was married to Mr. Daisetz Suzuki, of
Tokio-, on December 12, 1911. The marriage took place at the United States Consulate,
Yokohama, Japan. She is the daughter of Mrs. Emma E. Hahn, of New York City and
Stamford, Conn.

