STAR OF THE WEST '7
B-abis; the disciples of -are Ba-hais. The Ba.b- came as a reformer of Islam,
and foretold the coming of a greater one in his footsteps. Instead of confining his
revela-tion t.o the Mos-lem world, Baha'u'llah gave it forth to all mankind. 'I-'he nar-
row-minded ones, even those who meant W-ell, could not u-nd-e-rstand so broad a move-
ment, they were not strong enough to follow Baha'u'll-ah; they said, "He is speaking
a language we cannot understand." Therefore they are called Bab-is.
R. J. C.: What a close parallel to primitive Christianity! The Judaising portion
did not wish the Gospel to go any further.
A. B.: It has come about, b-y their narrow-mindedness and exclusiveness, that
the Br8.blS are now opposed to all the other religions; they want to keep rigidly to
the teaching of the Bab, and convert everybody to it. Tfhe Bahais recognise the truth
in all religions. They come from. the same root, but there is now that difference.
R. J. C.: A difference of attitude.
B.: Their conduct is absolutely diff-ere-nt.
How many Bab-is a.re there?
Very few.
Interpreter: Perhaps 200 o-r 300 in Persia.
R. J. C-.: It is suggested that there are three million B-ahais.
Interpreter: There are no statistics. The B-abis are more politicians than any-
thing else. Some Persians, who do not live the life, are not acquainted with the life,
claim to he Baha-is, because they know the Bahais are the advanced people-.
R. J. C. (to Abdul Baha): I should like you to visit the City Temple.
A. B.: I should like to come. I know that the City Temple is a centre of prog-
ress in the.r-eligious world, and seeks to pro-mote a u-niversal understanding. As you
have been a promoter of unity in the C'hri-stian world I hope you will strive to bring
about unity in the whole world. A man first wants unity in his own family, and then
as his intelligence expands he wants unity in his village, then in his town, then in
his country, then in the World. I hope you will strive to unify the whole World.
R. J. C.: We are doing what we can. We believe that religions are many, but
Religion is one.
A. B.: T'he principle of religion is one, as God is one.
A Lady: Mr. Ca1npbell'.s reform movement in Christianity is helping the world
of Islam. The attitude of the New Theology is one Moslems can understand; they
cannot understand the divisions of Christianity.
R. J. C.: I have had some evidence of that.
When Mr. Campbell left it was with the understanding that there would he a
further meeting.



ABDUL AT THE CITY TEMPLE.
Abdul Baha attended the evening service a.t the City Temple 0-n Sunday. No
announcement of the vi-sit was made, and, although the sight of the Persians and
other members of the suite in the congregation excited curiosity, very few people
were aware that the Blahai leader was expected. The service proceeded as usual until
the "hymn immediately preceding the sermon. Whilst this was being sung a venerable
figure, clad in Persian robes, was seen slowly ascending the stairs of the pul-pit.
When the was finished Mr. Campbell placed the distinguished visitor in his
own chair, and then, addressing the crowded congregation, said:
propose to shorten my sermon this evening, because we have a visitor in the
pulpit whose presenc-e is somewhat significant of the spiritual drawing.-together of
E-ast and West, as well as of the material drawing-together which has long been
going on, and I think you would like to hear his voice, if only for a few moments."
Mr, (Jampbell spoke on "The Use of the Will in Prayer," (Luke 1). He
then said: "This evening we have in the pulpit of the City Temple the leader of one
of the most remarkable religious movements of this or any age, a movement which in-
oludes, I understand, at least three million souls. The Bahai moveme-nt, as it is
ca;11e.d, in Hither Asia on that soil just as spon'taneou.sly as Christianity rose in
the middle territories adjoining, and that by the way, is very closely
akin to, I think I might say identical with, the spiritual purpose of Christianity-
that movement stands for the spiritual unity of mankind; it stands for universal
peace among the nations. These are good things, and the man who teaches them and
commends them to three millions of followers must be a good man as well as a.
great. Abdul Baha is o-n a visit to this country--a private visit--bu.t he wished to
see the City Temple; and I think I am right in -saying for the first time in his life
he has consented to lift up his voice in public. He does not address public meetings,

