STAR OF THE WEST 5
tion of heaven with such an example of Unity, Peace and Love as was afiorded us by the
Chicago friends and typified by the visiting delegates.
The closing and public session of the Bahai Temple Unity Convention of 1911 was
held in _the Drill Hall, 17th floor, Masonic Temple Building, Tuesday evening, May 2.
The spacious assembly room was well filled with delegates, friends and visitors. There
were quite a .number of the latter, who listened with every indication of great interest
to the presentation of the history, aims and some of the practical workings of the Bahai
Movement.
Mr. Albert H._Hall presided and tersely or eloquently, as the occasion suggested, epit-
omized the talks, linking together the various presentations.
After an address of welcome Mrs. Claudia S. Coles, of D. C., was intro-
duced with the statement .that she would give "The Message". Mr. Wilhelm, of New
York City, was then presented to the audience as a practical business man. He followed
this line with the timely interpolation of two poems.
Miss Grace Robarts, the delegate of the Boston Assembly, gave a greeting and an
outlook of the Cause, gained from recent traveling. Particularly interesting was her
recountal of the exchange of messages recently occurring between the Archbishop of
Canterbury and Abdul-Baha. The former, a friend of Miss Buckton, of London, sent this
message: "Take hi1n my loving greeting and say that we are all one and the same
behind the veil.' To which Abdul-Baha replied: "Take my loving greeting to the Arch-
bishop and say, yes, and the veil is very thin and it will Vanish quite."
Mr. Hetherington, the Montreal delegate, gave a most interesting account of his
connection with the Bahai Movement. Although introduced as a typical Englishman, he
displayed great warmth and said that, although this was his first visit to Chicago, he
felt perfectly at home and wanted to stay here always.
Mr. Mountfort Mills sang again, by request, the song composed by Mrs. Holmes, en-
titled "The Comforter".
Mr. Edwin Woodcock, the newly appointed Chairman of the Commission on Publi-
cation, was next introduced to present the claims of his Commission. He tersely and
effectively outlined the necessity of everyone working and inspired all present to follow
his example and find our best field of action, as the best means of expressing our belief
and enthusiasm.
Mr. Joseph H. Hannen, one of the Washington delegates, presented a teaching,
showing by the scriptures and the Hidden Words, the Holy Utterances of this Revelation to
be the Water of Life which the Christ promised to His disciples that He would drink anew
with them in the Kingdom of the Father.
Mr. Albert E. Windust sang "The Earth is the Lord's."
Mrs. Ida Finch, of Seattle, introduced as the "Mother" of the Cause in her section,
gave a little talk, outlining the activities of the Assembly on "Beacon Hill," and its far-
reaching ramifications.
Dr. Pauline Barton-Peeke, of Cleveland, 0., after a few words of appreciation, read
one of the I-Ioly Utterances, a Prayer.
Mr. Percy Woodcock was introduced as the closing speaker. He shared more of the
treasures of the Kingdom, obtained so recently. This time his theme was our responsi-
bility; that the joys of the Revelation are ours only to the extent that we earn them,
and, on the other hand, the Truth will sear our very souls if we fail to measure up to
our responsibilities.
With a note of harmony in song, the Third Annual Convention of the Bahai Temple
Unity was declared adjourned.
Josnrn H. 
?j 
On May 3d it was the pleasure of the Kenosha, Wis., Assembly to have a number of
the delegates from the Chicago Convention visit them. Among those who came were:
Mr. Joseph' H. Hannen, Washington, D. Mr. E. H. Eardley, Baltimore; Mrs. Annie
L. Parmerton, Cincinnati; Mrs. Ida A. Finch, Seattle; Mrs. Cora Ditmars, Spokane;
Mrs. Claudia S. Coles, Washington, D. C., and Mrs. Luella Kirchner, Chicago; also some
of the friends from Racine and Mrs. Charlotte Morton, of Milwaukee. The evening
was spent in listening to addresses from the various visitors, interspersed with musical
selections rendered by the chi1dren's orchestra. Afterward the Bahai Sunday school
children recited their lessons, which proved to be an event 'of the evening, the delegates
expressing their pleasure at their work. Refreshments were served and, altogether, it
was a gathering long to be remembered by those present.
Brennan M. ACOBSEN.

