18 STAR OF THE WEST
in the simplest words, for these are best at such a time as this, to interpret its message. It
may give purpose to the royalty which today is hallowed and to the loyalty which today is
offered.
The sovereignty of service! The king is set to be the leader of his people in the service
of God and man. He is the servant of God. From God 's altar, in the symbols of Sword and
Sceptre, of Orb and Crown, he receives His rule. It is a trust committed by a. Master to
His servant. Pray We for our king, that his strong trust in God may keep him faithful to
God 's great trust in him. He is the servant of the people.
To be among them as he that serves--among the people in this home land, among the
multitudes of India, among the strong young nations over seas, as the one man raised above
private and local interests to think of all, to care for all, to unite a.ll in one fellowship of
common memories, common ideals, common sacrifices--this is indeed a kingly life.
Pray We that God may give the king His grace to live it. At his side he_Will have
the helpmeet of another ministry--of one who Will uphold before the people the high and
happy traditions of a Christian home, and spread over their sickness, suffering and toil the
care and sympathy of a mother's heart. Pray We that God may give today His Spirit of
Wisdom and Love to this queenly service.
But the king comes not alone to his hallowing. He bears his people with him. For the
national life as Well as for its representative this is a day of consecration.
May this great people make and seal this day a covenant of service With our fathers'
God; for in His service is the perfect freedom. May it ask for the honor of standing out
among the nations of the World as one that serves the sacred cause of righteousness, peace
and justice among men.
Lastly, We Whose privilege it is to be present here are called above all others to follow
our king in the service of his people. To us in our several degrees God has entrusted gifts
of public responsibility, influence, experience. Let us consecrate them this day to God
and king, for the service of this land of our fathers, this Empire of their children.
We stand at the threshold of great and far-reaching changes. The cost of service may
be manifold sacrifice. But there is one thing that abides unchangeablez it is the claim of
our Mother to the loyal devotion of her sons and daughters.
Let us meet the unknown future With the high resolve that, Whether here at home or
in the new lands across the seas, we shall be found, please God, among the people as those
that serve.
VVherefore to God and king We offer that homage which to each is due--"Faith and
Truth W8 will bear unto them, to live and die. So help us God.' '--L0nd0n Weekly Budget.
W. T. STEAD ON OF 
"What went ye out for to see?" was the question asked of those who streamed out
into the desert to see John the Baptist. prophet," they replied. "Yes," said Jesus,
"and more than a prophet. For this is he of Whom it is Written, Behold, I shall send My
messenger before thy face, which shall prepare thy Way before thee." A similar question
and a similar answer may be given this Week concerning the Coronation. The thronging
millions who have choked London streets all the Week, What Went they out to see'?
A king. Yea, and more than a king." For the central figure in the great pageant is
more than a king, more than an emperor. He is all unconsciously to himself a divine mes-
senger sent to prepare the Way of the coming of the Prince of Peace.
This is no mystic saying, incapable of being understood by the man in the street. It
is a plain statement of a great outstanding political fact. King George is a king of a
different kind to any of his predecessors. He is not so much king of Great Britain and
Ireland as he is king of the Britains beyond the seas.
He is the only king who has seen the Dominions. He is the only king who will hold his
Court in each of their capitals. He is the only king who realizes that the center of gravity

