2 STAR OF THE WEST
[Reprinted from The Christian Commonwealth, London, Eng., is-sue of Sept. 20, 19l1~.]
THE VANISHING OF THE VEIL.
Abdul-Baha all St. John'S_. lVestmins,te1'.
Eighteen months ago Archd_eacon Wilberforce, who had been watching the Bahai
movement for some time with interest, sent a message to Abdul Baha. "We are all
one," he said, "there, behind the veil." And Abdul Baha replied from his home in
Akka, "Tell him the ve-il is very thin, and that it will vanish quite."
All who were present in St. ohn's Westminster, last Sunday evening, could not
fail to realise that the veil was vanishing. Archdeacon Wilberforce's beautiful inter-
cessory service was a means to th-at end. He asked that each one in th-e vast congre-
gation should at that time put away all selfish thought and use all energy in prayer
for those in trouble. "Will you bear upon your heart," he said, "a mother ill in
India." Then followed a graphic description of the until each felt the
loneliness of the sick woman and the keen anxiety of the daughter hastening to her
side. S0 the spirit of unity was spread -abroad.
Then Dr. Wilberforce told of the he called him--who- had come
to London to emphasize unity, and who was present that -evening at St. John's to
proclaim the meaning of it. "Whate-ver our views," the Archde-aclorn said, "We shall,
I am sure, unite in welcoming a In-an who has been for forty years a prisoner for
the cause of brotherhoo_d and lo-ve. Abdul Blaha is not -an orator or eve-n a preacher,
but, in view o-f all he stands for, we are keenly interested in everything he has to
say."
Full of expectation, th.e congregation waited when the Archdeacon for a brief
moment left the church. Divested of his White surplice, he returned with Abdul
Baha. All eyes were fixed on the lead-er of the Bahai movement. In his customary
Eastern robe and he-ad-dress, walking hand in hand with a leader of the West, it
did indeed seem that the veil was vanishing.
Down the aisle they passed to the bishop's chair, which had been placed in
front of the alta.r for Abdul Bah-a. Standing at the lectern, Archde-aco-n Wilberforce
introduced the "Wonderful" visitor. He told of his life in. prison, of his sufferings
and bravery, of his self-sacrifice, of his clea.r and shining faith. He voiced his own
belief that religion is one, as God is lo-ve-.
Then Abdul Baha rose. Speaking very clearly, with wonderful intonations in
his voice and using his hands freely, it seemed to those who lis-tened almost as if
they grasped his meaning, though he spoke in Persian. When he had finished, Arch-
deacon Wilberfor-c.e read the translation of his address.
His theme was the Character of the M=anifes.tations of God. He said that Giod
the Infinite could not be comprehe-nde-d of mam; that whatever man understands of
God is born of his imagination. F0-r illustratiion he pointed to the mine-ral, which
does not comprehend the vegetable, as the ve-getable cannot understand the animal. So
the animal cannot reach the intelligence of humanity. Neither, he said, is it possible
for man, a created being, to understand the Almighty Creator. Nevertheless, the per-
fection and qualifications of God are seen in every created being and in the most
perfect beings in the most perfect In the manifestations of God, Abdul Baha
likened the-se to the rays of the sun focussed in a mirror. If we claim that
the sun is seen in the mirror, we do,not mean that the whole -sun has descend-ed from
the holy heights of heaven and entered into the mi'rror~, that is impossible. The
Eternal Nature is seen. in. the_manifestations, and its light and sple-ndour are visible
in extreme glory. Therefore men have always been taught and le-d by the prophets
(CONTINUED on mm: "rwi-:Lvnl

