STAR OF THE WEST 5
IMPRESSIONS OF ABDUL-BAI-IA VVHILE AT RAMLEH.
BY MR. LOUIS G. GREGORY.
I am asked by the STAR or THE for impressions gathered during a
recent pilgrimage to Abdul-Baha at Ramleh and the Holy City. Now I can
respond but briefly; but later I hope that a full account may be given to the
friends of the Cause of all the valuable lessons received from the Perfect an.
It is the will of Abdul-Baha that all the friends should be united and
happy in the light of the Kingdom. On one occasion said, "My
Presence is happiness and peace. Hell is the hearts of those who deny and
oppose." Today the happiness and peace of the Glory of God 
are reflected in the clear Mirror of Abdul~Baha. Thus by meeting him one
meets all the Prophets and Manifestations of cycles and ages past. It is
difficult for one to realize at the time, or for a long time afterwards, the true
honor of such a meeting. To one who realizes even faintly who this Servant
of God is and what powers he represents, such a meeting is high above all the
honors of earth. But no soul can give adequate testimony of what Abdul-
Baha may be to any other soul. Vllith mental and spiritual horizon more or
less limited, each pilgrim discerns according to his capacity' the Majesty and
Power that radiate from the Center of God's Covenant.
At Ramleh, Abbas Effendii' might at times be seen walking about the
streets. Ofttimes he would ride upon the electric tramway, making change
and paying his fare i-n the most democratic fashion. His reception room was
open to believers and non-believers alike. Upon a visit to some unfortunates
one day I asked if they knew him. yes," they responded, "he has been
in this house." Thus in one way or another thousands of persons had oppor-
tunity to see Abbas Effen-di but among these how few perceived Abdul-Baha!
Viewed with the outer eye, he seemed about the medium height, with
symmetrical features. His lineaments indicate meekness and gentleness, as
well as power and strength. His color is about that of parchment. His
hands are shapely, with the nails well manicured. His forehead is high and
well rounded. His nose is aquiline; his eyes light blue and penetrat~
ing his hair is silvery, and long enough to touch the shoulders; his beard is
white. His dress was the Oriental robes, graceful in their simplicity. On
his head rested a light tarbush, surrounded by a white turban. His voice is
powerful, but capable of producing infinite pathos and tenderness. His car-
riage is erect and altogether so majestic and beautiful that it is passing strange
that anyone seeing him would not be moved to say: "This truly is the King
of men!"
On the rational plane his wisdom is incomparable. During the time of
my visit persons of culture were present from different parts of the world.
But people of acquired learning are but as children to Abdul-Baha. They
were reverent in their attitude toward him and one of them, an Oxford man,
*T']1e name by which Abdul-Baha is known am-ong those not believe-rs.

