4 STAR OF THE WEST
NEWS NOTE.
On the morning of Oct. 2d, Abdul-Baha breakfasted with the Lord
Mayor of London at the Mansion House. The Lord Mayor said to him that
he considered London to be greatly honoured by having such a guest. The
-next morning Abdul-Baha left for Paris and is residing in a nice flat taken
for a month or so, near the Trocadero and Arc de Triomphe.
Arthur Cuthbert.
 
[Reprinted from The Ohristian Commonwealth, London, Eng., issue of Oct. 19.11.]
FAREWELL TO ABDUL BAHA.
Impressive Me-eting in London.
At the invitation of Mrs. Thornburgh-Cropper -about two- hundred. representative
people met in the hall of the Passmore E-dw-ards' Settlement, Tavistock Place, la-st
Friday evening to- bid farewell to Abdul Baha Abbas on the eve of his departure for
Paris. Arriving in London on Monday evening, September 4, he has spent a happy
and busyfo-ur weeks in 0-ur midst. Exce-pt for a brief visit to Bristol last week, he
remained at 97, Cadogan Gardens. His time was mainly occupied in interviews with
people who wished to meet him. These included not a few who-se names are house-
hold words in this country, and so1ne- travelled long distances to see him.
A beautiful spirit prevailed on Friday evening. The atmosphere was very differ-
ent from that 0-f an ordinary meeting or religious gathering. E'veryone present was
enriched b-y the lofty sp-iritu-al tone of the proceedings; the notes struck were all
in the direction of Brotherhood, unity, peace. While a report of the speeches. would
give a very inadequate idea of the effect produced, yet they were so well-conceived,
so sincere, so exquisitely phrased as to b-e- all worthy of reproduction. Among others
Ameer Ali Syed wrote regretting his inability to be present, and Archdeacon Wilber-
force sent affectionate. greetings.
After the Lord's Prayer and prayers for Unity of B-aha'u'llah and Gelasius (V.
century), Professor Michael Sadler spoke as 
We h-ave met together to b-id farewell to Abdul Baha, and to thank God for his
example and teaching, and for the 'power of his prayers to- bring Light into confused
thought, Hope into the p-lace o-f dread, Faith where doubt was, and into troubled
hearts the Love which overmasters self-seeking and fear. Though we all, among
ourselves, in our devotional allegiance, have our own individual loyalties, to all of
us Abdul B-ah-a brings, and has brought, a message of unity, of sympathy, and of
peace. He bids us all be real and true in wh-at we profess to believe; and to treasure
above everything the 'Spirit be-hind the form. With him we bo-wbefore the hidden
name, before that which is of every life the Inner Life! He bids us. worship in fear-
less loyalty to our own faith, b-ut with ever stronger yearning after union, brother-
hood, and love-; so turning ourselves in spirit, and with our whole heart, th.-at we
may -enter more into the mind of God, which is above class, above race, and beyond
time.
Prof. Sadler concluded with a beautiful prayer of James Martineau.
Mr. Eric Hammond said the Bahai movement sto-od for unity: one God, one
people; =a myriad souls manifesting the "divine un.ity, a unity so complete that no
difference of colour or creed could possibly differentiate between one manifestation
of God and another, and -a sympathy -so a.ll-embracing as to include the very lowest,
meanest, shabbiest of men; unity, sympathy, brotherhood, leading up to a concord

