6 STAR OF THE WEST
Persia and spread to all parts of the World the rays of the Most Great Guid-
ance. He invited all to the Greatest Peace and gave advice to all, especially
to Napoleon the Third, who Was at that time Emperor of France. For fifty
years He suffered everything in life so that by degrees the hearts became at-
tracted to the Most Great Peace. Now, praise be to God, this light is continu-
ally spreading its benefits and ere long the Banner of the Most Great Peace
shall be-come unfurled. \Ve will exert ourselves day and night so that the
World of man may become harmonized and the Sun of Truth and the Rays of
Reality may enlighten the East and the West.
 
A GLIMPSE OF ABDUL-BAHA IN PARIS.
BY ALICE R. BEEDE.
After a morning talk given by Abdul-Baha a.t his apartment No. 4. Ave.
de Camoens on October 15, 1911, all those present Were invited that Sunday
afternoon to meet him at four o'clock at 22 rue Seeden Rollin pre Saint
Gernais (Seine) outside the Walls of Paris, Where a real Bahai settlement
Work is carried on by Mons. V. Po-nsonaille and his good Wife. They are poor
people. He is employed as a collector for one of the large department stores
in Paris. Having received the Message, he felt his Work for the Cause of
God Was among the very poor children, Waifs and those Who had no parents;
so with his Wife, some years ago settled his home here and by going Without
their noon dray meal (Which to the French means much) they could give it to
these little ones. They started in an old car Where they met together to read
the Tablets and hear the Word of It Was not long before many
ca.me and it grew so that the clergy of many sects desired to have it con-
solidated under them. Mons. Pons-onaille did not consider this the Way to
serve best and he declined all these offers. At last, they grew so very jealous
that they, With the help of the priests, took the car from him. The Bahai
friends in Paris offered to build a place for his Work and Mons. Ponsonaille
told them if they Would furnish him the boards and nails that he Would build
it him-self, Which he did, and it Was here that We Went, and after three months
spent going around Paris every day, I assure you I had never seen such a
dirty, miserable quarter.
After leaving the train on the main street, We Walked down to the end
of a narro-W lane or street Without sidewalks, on Which doors opened to places
Where soldiers and Women Were drinking and screaming, While from the small
Win dovvs bedclothes Were hanging out, and Women and children could be seen.
It Was With joy We at last saw a familiar face and Mons. De Scott, the artist,
pointed to the small gate through Which We passed and by the discarded car
into a small board cabin about 20x25 feet. At one end Was a raised platform
and desk o-f rough boards. I can only say as my eyes fell first upon -The
Greatest Name hanging in a frame from this desk and I saw the crowd of

