4 STAR OF THE WEST
ence in the other world. We are never cut off from those who are there.
The real and genuine influence is not in this World but in that other.
Question: In what condition is the soul before entering the body"?
In a state of potentiality, possessing no consciousness as we under-sta.nd it.
is a very good thing. It opens the eyes and broad-
ens the horizon.
In the East one may behold vast and desert places where once lay peopled
towns; this shows the Hand of Almighty God. History shows us how every
nation Which was against the Will of God has eventually been quite destroyed;
and, accordingly, each nation which has listened to the Voice of God has pros-
pered. "Then traveling one makes discoveries of strange things, '11. the
Emperors of Rome ruled over many thousands of people and were famous
and powerful, but now the Emperors are dead and their power has vanished.
"Thereas the Christians began -by being a small band of -eleven disciples follow-
ing Christ and living after His teaching, now there are many Christians all
over the world and Christ 's influence shall never die.
October 19.
On oaling.~Healing comes from God. If the heavenly benediction be
upon us while we are being healed, then only can we be truly healed. All
depends upon God. Medicine is merely an outward form or means by which
we obtain heavenly healing; without the Heavenly Benediction it is worth
nothing. If man looks at the nature of the world around him, he will see. that
all created beings are dependent upon something, man is dependent for
his life upon the air which he breathes, likewise the animals which are upon
the earth, a.nd each created being is dependent for its life upon some material
circumstances. Man, therefore, and all creatures are prisoners of nature.
The sun must follow his law, the earth must follow his law of motion, the sea
also hers. But, by the spiritual power of God, which, through His Bounty,
He has bestowed upon men alone, man is enabled to defy the laws of nature
in many and wonderful waysnature that man should
walk upon the earth, but he defies this law, for he sojourns upon the water
and also flies, like the bird, through the air.
Through the wonderful spiritual power which God gives to man, man is
enabled to reach the Kingdom of Heaven; but beholdl man is not grateful
and is careless of the great mercy which God has shown him.
October 20.
The sun shines upon the earth, giving light and warmth to all creatures.
The Sun of Truth also shines, giving light and warmth to the souls of men.
All existing creatures need the sun to shine upon them and develop them th-at
they may grow. The souls of men also need the Sun of Truth to shine upon
them, to educate and encourage them. Circumstances that benefit the body
do not benefit the soul, and the soul of man is his reality, not his body, 
there are some men who are perfected in material things and very backward

