STAR OF THE WEST
Vol. ll Chicago (Aug. 20, 1911) Karnal if i lfio. 9
[Repri-med' from the Ch'r"isticm Commonwealth, Aug. 2, 1911.]
THE FIRST UNIVERSAL RACES CONGRESS
Held in London, England, July 26-29, 1911.
By Mr. W. Tudor-Pole.
The first Universal Races Congress has passed into history. l\'obody, beyond those
intimately associated with its promotion, can have any conception of the vast amount of
labor involved in bringing such a congress about. It is all very Well for a correspondent
in the Morniozg Post to scoif at the ideals upon which the congress was based and to dis-
miss the Whole aifair as the soppy sentimentality of a few faddists. 0 great organization
working for the regeneration of mankind, that is not based upon the ideals for which this
congress stood, will ever accomplish great or lasting results.
Ten years ago the holding of such a gathering would have been inipracticable, and it
has created a foundation from which to Work for future congresses. The immediate
tangible results of the discussions may not be very evident; the press reports have been
inadequate; and many of the speakers could not be heard beyond the platform. Also
it must be admitted that the stifiing heat of the hall did not conduce toward clear thinking
or debate. Nevertheless, this congress has triumphantly demonstrated the possibility of
bringing together in friendly intercourse representatives of nearly every race and religion
under the sun, and the spiritual and moral effects of this fact alone can never be undone.
The reception of delegates and writers of papers by Lord Weardale at the Fish-
mongers' Hall on Tuesday evening was a sight never to be forgotten. Has there ever before-
been brought together such a Wonderful array of Workers and thinkers drawn from every
country in the world, animated by one great ideal, the brotherhood of all mankind'? Imprac-
ticable and visionary as the ideals that inspired the Races Congress may be, nevertheless
if such gatherings could be held first in one capital, then in another, the risks of great
World conflagrations Would gradually be minimized, and ultimately War between race and
race, nation and nation, man and man, Would become impossible. D0 not let the promoters
of the congress feel discouraged, therefore, by the many criticisms and comlplaints that have
poured in upon them. These Will be useful when preparing for the next congress, and the
value of their vast undertaking, as a fact in history, will become more and more apparent
as time goes on.
What struck one most forcibly, perhaps, whilst listening to the debates, was the fact
that the majority of the speakers forgot that they were addressing an international and
inter-racial gathering, and spoke as if to an entirely English audience. This spoilt the
effect of many papers. I would strongly urge all who are interested in inter-racial prob-
lems to secure a copy of the printed congress papers, as they contain some remarkable
expositions of international questions unobtainable elsewhere, The publishers are P. S.
King 8: Son, Orchard House, Westminster. I should like to refer in detail to a few of
these papers at a later date. Great interest Was aroused on Thursday during the discussion
on Abdul-Baha's letter to the congress, the full text of which follows:
"Alexandria, May 29, 1911.
"To the President, First Universal Races Congress.
"My Dear Friend:--Your letter of invitation has been received, and I am much
obliged for it. It is my utmost desire to be present at such a gathering, for I am thor-
oughly confident that beneficial results shall surely follow these meetings, and that they

