4 STAR OF THE WEST
expenses and leaving their property behind, they were contented with the
Countenance of this Youth and trusting upon God they departed again with
the True One, until the fortress of Akka became the place of the incarceration
of Baha'. The day after the arrival, the officials of the army surrounded
the men, Women and children and carried them to the gloomy dungeon of the
barrack. The first night they were given neither bread nor water, for the
sentinels were guarding the door of the prison and permitted no one to leave
the place. They did not consider the plight of these wronged ones. Water
was asked for, but it was refused. It is now some time since we are all
imprisoned in this dungeon; although we were living for five years in
Adrianople and all the people, whether ignorant or wise, rich or poor, testified
to the sanctity and holiness of these servants.
When departing from Adrianople one of the believers of God sacrificed
himself with his own hand, for he could not see this \7\/ronged One in the
hands of the tyrants. On our Way We were transferred three times, from one
ship to another, and it is evident that a number of the children suffered under
these severe circumstances. we left the steamer, they separated four
of the friends from us, and prevented them from following, and upon the
departure of this Youth, one of the four, named Abdul Gaffar, threw himself
into the sea and no one has ever found any trace of him. This is a drop of the
ocean of persecution which surrounded and encircled us. Notwithstanding
these things, they are not yet satisfied, and every day the oficers of the
government are increasing their hard-heartedness, nor is it ended; day and
night they are forming new intrigues and adding to our sufferings. From the
government supplies, these prisoners receive three loaves of bread to last for
twenty-four hours, and no one is able to eat it.
From the beginning of the world, no such persecutions have been seen or
heard of! I declare by the One who has commanded Baha' to speak, between
the heavens and the earth, there is no name or mention for you equal to those
who sacrificed their spirits, bodies and property for the love of God, the
Mighty, the Powerful, the Omnipotent! Before God, a handful of dust is
greater than your kingdom, sovereignty, glory and dominion, and should He
desire, He would scatter you as the sand of the desert, and ere long His wrath
shall overtake thee, revolutions shall appear in your midst and your countries
will be divided! Then you willpweep and lament and nowhere will you find
help and protection. The mentioning of these facts is not for the sake of
your becoming mindful, for already the wrath of God has surrounded you,
but you have not nor will you become mindful; neither is it for the sake of
reciting the persecutions which have descended upon these holy souls, for
they are intoxicated with the Wine of the Merciful and they are so exhilarated
with the clear Salsabil of Divine Providence, that should the persecutions of
all the world descend upon them in the Path of God, they are satisfied, nay,
rather, grateful they never had nor will they ever have any complaints to
offer. At every moment the blood in their bodies begs and supplicates from
the Lord of both worlds, that it be shed upon the ground in His Path; like-
wise their heads yearn to be raised upon a spear for the sake of the Beloved
of the heart and soul. For several times the tests of God have descended upon
you, and you were not mindful; one was a confiagration which burned the city
with the Fire of ]ustice, so much so that poets have composed poems about it,
declaring that such a conflagration has never appeared before; notwithstanding
this -your negligence increased. Then the cholera came, and still you remained
heedless. Be ye watchful, for the wrath of God is prepared, and ere long ye-
shall behold that which is descended from the Pen of Command. Have ye

