STAR OF THE WEST
Chicago (November 19l1) Kudrat No. 13
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
Through Aga Ahmad Sohrab and Jenab Mr. Remey. To all friends of ABHA
in America:
Upon them be the Glory of God!
0 friends of 
Your letters reached me and were read with great joy. Praise be to
God, that they are the proofs of faith and assurance in the Kingdom of
ABHA. They are Witnesses of firmness and steadfastness and earnest suppli~
cation.
His highness Jesus says if the Promised One manifests in the East, his
signs Will appear in the V\7est. Now give thanks to God that as the Great
Sun arose in the East, his Brilliant Light shone upon the West and bright-
ened the Western World. Therefore you must give a thousand thanks every
moment that though you were apparently very far off, in reality you Were
near.
A blind person cannot see the sun though near, but eyes with sight can
see it from a thousand miles' distance. For this the Great Almighty be
praised, that in the far West the nostrils are perfumed by the Holy Fragrance.
Appreciate this Bounty, be happy and joyful for this Divine boundless
Bounty. \/Vith great love you have asked for the presence of Abdul-Baha
in America, I also greatly wish to go to the friends and see their interesting
faces. But during this journey I have no time. I must go back to the East,
this is according to wisdom. Therefore with great regret and sorrow at
separation' I am obliged to return. If it pleases God next year I Will take
a journey towards the West so that I may engage myself in seeing the faces
of the friends, in proclaiming the Word of God and in spreading the Divine
Fragrance and the calling of the Kingdom of God in the great meetings and
assemblies.
If you only knew in What condition of tumult and excitement of longing
is the soul and heart of Abdul-Baha to see you, then surely, because of the
greatness of your happiness you would express your joy in music and song
and engage yourselves in the melodies of the Supreme Court in worshipping
and praising Almighty God.
Upon you be the Glory of 
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAs.

