STAR OF THE WEST 17
in Washington, D. 0., the annual conference of the Persian-American Educational Society.
This will be the last meeting of that body under its present name a11d limitations. Here-
after it will be known as the Orient-Occident Unity Association. The Washington and
London gatherings have one great object in bringing together of the East
and West. The universal races congress has tl1e support of thirty presidents of parliainents
in all parts of the globe, of a majority of the members of the permanent court of arbi-
tration, of the delegates to the second Hague conference, of twelve British governors and
eight British premiers, of over forty colonial bishops, of hundreds of professors of inter-
national law, and of learned men in all countries. In the program arranged for the VVash~
ington conference appear the names of many eminent American men and women and of
some distinguished foreigners.
It will thus be seen that what J. H. DeForrest regards as the greatest international
problem of the twentieth to get the populous and historic East into sympa-
thetic relations with the aggressive West, so that the two halves of the human race may
make one fairly peaceful whole~--has already been brought forward for serious discussion
under excellent auspices. The L-ondon congress proposes to take up the question of race
in its widest possible aspects. The immediate object of the Washington conference is
outlined in that of the associati0n--to establish closer relationships along all lines bet-ween
the people of the East and West; to create a better mutual understanding and international
fellowship among the citizens of the world; to uphold the beneficial laws of peace and arbi--
tration between different nations--in short, to cultivate a better acquaintance and a clearer
understanding between the two great branches of the human family than now exists, than
has ever existed.
The law of separation between the races has come down to our period from the ages.
Kipling has voiced it in the 
For East is East and West is \/Vest and never the twain shall 111eet
Till earth and sky stand presently at God's great judgment 
and it has come to be taken for granted by millions as a fixed and indisputable and insur-
mountable fact. But modern thought is opposed to this theory. Tremendous advance has
been made in an opposite direction even within the last score of years. A great light has
broken in upon the Caucasian, for instance, as to the intellectual capacity of the man whose
skin happens to be of another tint. Not only individuals, but nations, are now being
judged, not by origin, race or custom, but by their achievements, upon their merits. In
both the L-ondon congress and the Washington conference efforts will be directed toward
showing the enormous debt of western society to the East. In both gatherings facts will be
brought forward with the view of showing how unjust, how foolish it is for a single wing of
the human race to attempt to claim a right to, or possession of, all the credit for the
Wor1d's advancement. .
The hope of the present, the hope of the future, is that "the twain' shall meet--11ot in
some far off, remote time or place, but here on this earth--and that they shall meet in
high apprehension and recognition of each other 's worth, in friendship, fraternity and
peace.--The Science Monitor.
CORONATION SERMON.
The Archbishop of York based his sermon in the Abbey on St. Luke 12:27: am
among you as he that serveth." He said:
The great day has come. Attended by the loving loyalty of millions of his subjects
and uplift by their prayers, the king is here to receive from God his hallowing and his
crown. In the venerable home of its history and its faith an Empire comes into the presence
of the King of Kings.
Pause for one moment to hear a voice from Him, am among you as he that serveth. 
It is the word which tells the way in which He won, and wields, His Kingdom. Let me try,

