8 STAR OF THE WEST
he does not preach sermons; he is just a religious teacher. He spent forty years in
priso-n for his faith, and from- his prison directed the efforts of his followers. There
is not much in the way of organisation, but simple trust in the Spirit of God. We,
as followers of the Lord Jesus Christ, who is to us a.nd always will be the Light of
the World, view with sympathy and respect every movement of the- Spirit of Go-d in
the experience of ma.nkin.d, and therefore we give greeting to do not
know whether I could say in the- name of the whole Christian may
be too I think in the name of all who sha-re the spirit of our Master, and
are trying to live their lives in that spirit. Abdul Baha, I think, intends to say a
word or two in response to this greeting that I add-re-ss t-0' him in your name."
ADDRESS BY ABDUL BAHA.
Abdul Baha. then advanced to the front of the pulpit, and addressed the congre-
gation. He spo-kefo-r eight minutes in Persian, with cons-iderab-le animation, his voice
rising and falling as in a chant. Towards the close he placed the palms
of his hands together as in prayer. T'h-e translation was afterwards read by Mr. W.
Tudor Pole, as 
"0 noble friends, seekers after God, praise be to G-"od! To-day the light of truth
is shining upon the world in its abundance. The breezes of the heavenly garden are
blowing throughout all regions. The call of the kingdom is heard in all lands, and
the breath of the Holy Spirit is felt in all hearts that are faithful. The Spirit of
God is giving life eternal. In this wonderful age the East is enlightened, the West
is fragrant, and everywhere the soul inhales the holy perfume. The sea of the unity
of mankind is lifting up its waves with joy; for there is real communication between
the hearts and minds of men. The banner of the Holy Spirit is uplifted, and men see
it, and are assured with the knowledge that this is a new day. This is a new cycle
of human pow-er. All the horizons of the world are luminous, and the world will
become indeed as a garden and a paradise. It is the hour of unity of the sons of
men, and a drawing together of all races and all classes. You are loosed from
ancient superstitions which have kept men ignorant, destroying the foundations of
true humanity. The gift of God of this enlightened age is the knowledge of the
oneness of mankind and the fundamental oneness of religion. War shall cease be-
tween nations, and by the will of God the Most Great Peace shall come; the world
will be seen as a new world, and all men shall live as brothers. In the days of old an
instinct for warfare was developed in the struggle with wild animals; this is no longer
necessary; nay, rather, co-operation and mutual understanding are seen to produce
the greatest welfare of mankind. Enmity is now the result of prejudice only. In the
'Hidden Words' Baha'u'llah says 'Justice is to be loved above all.' Praise be to God,
in this country the standard of justice has been raised; a great effort is being made
to give all -souls an equal and a true place. This is the desire of all noble natures.
This is to-day the teaching for the East and for the West; therefore, the East and
the West will understand each other and reverence each other, and embrace like
long-parted lovers who have found each other. There is one God; mankind is one;
and the foundations of religion are one. Let us worship Him, and give praise for
all his great prophets and messengers who have manifested his brightness and glory.
The blessing of the Eternal One be with you in all his riches, that each soul accord-
ing to his measure may take freely of him! Amen.
Mr. (lamp-bell: think you will probably agree with me that this is an inter-
esting as well as a unique occasion, and that what we- have been listening to, in that
brief message uttered by a spiritual teacher from the East, is in spirit the same mes-
sage that you are listening to on the autho-r"ity of Jesus week by week It is a great
time, a time 0-f the drawing-together of all people. East and West join hands in the
City Temple to-night."
The service closed with the doxology and bendiction.
After the service, in the City 'l"em-ple vestry, Abdul Baha wrote a few sentences
in Persian in the pulpit Bible and added his signature, as follows:
This book is the Holy Book of God, of celestial inspiration. It is the Bible of
Salvation, the noble Gospel. It is the mystery of the Kingdom and its light. It is
the Divine>> Bounty, sign of the guidance of Baha Abbas.
Asked by Mr. H. W. (lhapman his impressions of the service, Abdul Baha. re-
plied: "It is an assembly which is turned to God. Th-e light of guidance is shining
luminous here. The bounty of the Kingdom was spread, and all hearts were praying
to God." As he took his departure Abdul Baha said in English, am very happy."
So were we all! 5- D.

