STAR OF THE WEST 7
I shall pray for you that you may be impelled to use the power that is given
you for divine purposes, that you may be the source of concord between individu~
als, that instead of war you may create peace, instead of cruelty you will create
love, instead oi discord you will make harmony.
THE HOLY SPIRIT.
The Divine Reality is far removed from man. It is absolutely remote and
independent in its essence--beyond the comprehension of man--abstract, limitless
and impersonal.
Man is limited, weak, fearful, poverty-stricken and helpless. The Divine Real-
ity represents the Power Ahs-olute, capacity for all things, fulfillment for a.ll the
needs of man.
The Divine Reality is to man what the sun is to the earth. The sun is life,
radiance, heat, energy, power. The earth is dead, inert, helpless, incapable of
initiative or change. It is poor, cold, and without resources.
The sun in its remoteness could never reach the earth, and the earth, wretched
indifferent clod, could never attain to the glo-ry and splendor of the sun. In
order that one may gain the other, that life and fragrance may come to the help-
less earth floating alone in dim space, there must be an intermediary. In some
way the life-giving power of the radiant sun must be brought to the sodden earth,
and this becomes possible through the media of light and heat. Through their
means the glory of the distant luminary is transmitted to the dark ball of earth,
and instantly it be-comes the home of fragrance and bl-0-oming life. The glory of
the magnificent source o-f light touches our dim planet and banishes death and
darkness.
As there must be an interm'ediary to transmit to earth the life-giving power
of the sun, so there must be an intermediary to blring God to man, and this is
found through the ever-present efficacy of the Holy Spirit. As the media of light
and heat carry fragrance and blo-om to the earth, so the intermediary of the Holy
Spirit brings to man Warmth, perfection and inspiration.
The wonder-working rays of the radiant sun fall upon the dull earth, carrying
there richness and glory. The earth alone is but a senseless clod; touched by the
sun it becomes life, energy, budding and blossoming wealth.
S0 the Holy Spirit touches the heart of man and wakens him to eternal life.
Like the sun to earth it brings to man warmth, energy and perfection. It gives
him 'all possibilities. The cause of life w.idens before his eyes, eternity opens to
him, and becomes his, he no longer knows fear, for the wealth of God is his, and
every moment is his invi-olable possession. Limitations disappear, and as he
becomes more and more sensitive to the teaching of the Holy Spirit, all things
are his own.
Without the sun the earth is only the habitation of death, and would remain
forever in its fro-zen clasp, were it not for the intermediary of light and heat
stirring its inert mass and transforming into budding energy and accomplishment
all its repellant hardness.
So without the intermediary of the Holy Spirit man would remain dull, help-
less and deprived of all attainment. But touched by that Divine Elixir he becomes
tender, loving, responsive, and capable of every perfection of life.
THE TREASURE.
Each one has in his environment a treasure. Let him seek that treasure
eagerly, search for it with patience. Then when he has found it, there is another
treasure still to be discovered in the same place for which he must also search.
(CONTINUED ON PAGE FOURTEEN)

