1-6 STAR OF THE WEST
NEW PUBLICATIONS
MY VISIT TO ABBAS EFFENDI IN 1899 . . . . . Price 15 cents
is the title of an interesting account of the visit to Acca of Mrs. Margaret B. Peeke,
and of her subsequent investigation of the teachings of the Revelation of 
which _has recently been published in booklet form by her daughter-in-law, Dr.
Pauline Barton-Pee-ke, of Cleve-land, Ohio, who donated the edition to the Mashrak-
el-Azkar fund, and to Who-m we are indebted for the follo-Wing sketch of her life:
Mrs. Margaret Bloodgood Peeke, a descendant of Garry Marshall Peck and Narcissa
Benedict, was born April 8, 1838, at Mechanicsville, New York, and spent most of her child-
l'l00d GEWS in New YOTR City. She was but twelve years of age when her father died and her
mother's brother, Chancellor Erastus E. Benedict, of New York City, charged himself with
her education and became her counsellor and guide. At the age of fifteen she was contribu-
tor to magazines and periodicals. When twenty-two years old she married the Rev. George
H. Peeke, a Congregational clergyman, and for fifteen years the cherished thought of a
literary life was abandoned. But leisure came at length in an unexpected manner. Her pen was
resumed and songs, verse and stories again found their way into various periodicals. She
Was for a time associate editor of the "Alliance" of Chicago. Her letters to that paper drew
much attention to her favorite summer resort in the Cumberland mountains, and a little
pamphlet, entitled "Pomona," was her reply to many requests for information. The "Ma-
donna of the Mountain" and other sketches breathed the pure air and primitive human sym-
pathies of that region. She devoted much time to the study of the pygmies of America and
their origin, the result of which was a volume entitled "Born of Flame." She was also
author of "Zenia, the Vestal"--her heart's story. An enthusiastic lover of the Bible, she
taught it successfully to large classes. Her teachings of Hermetic philosophy were unsur-
passed and had a large following in New York, Chicago, Boston and Washingtoii, and she
visited the Hermetic societies abroad. As Inspectress General in America of the Martinist
Order of France. she did a prodigious amount of Work, besides editing the "Initiator" of that
Order. She was a member of the "Rose Cross" Martinist Fraternity and Treasurer of the
"Light of Society of France. She was denied the privilege of personally
completing all the Writing she had in mind, and "Letters and Numbers," or the "Thirty-two
Paths of Wisdo1n" was published posthumously by her beloved son and co-laborator E. C. B.
Peeke. After her visit to Acca i_n 1899, she became deeply interested in the Revelation of
and, imbued with its teachings, gave the Message to many. She passed away
Nov. 2, 1908, at Pomona, Tenn. To the end she was steadfast and firm in the truth of the
Revelation. She asked me to Write to Abdul-Baha that she loved him very much. Then she
turned her eyes upon her devoted son, and her last words were "and you, too, Benedict, must
love Abdul-Baha."
Address orders to MISS MARY LE-SCH, 5205 Jefferson Avenue, ILL., U. S. A.
BAHAI WALL CALENDAR . . . . . . . . . . . 
In order that Abdul-Baha and his light-bearers and their friends may unite each day in
reading the same words, a Unity Calendar for 1912 is lovingly sent forth by the Honolulu
Bahai Assembly to Abdul-Baha and all the Bahai Assemblies.
The selling price of this calendar is $1.00 postpaid to any address. The members are
taking this way of making money for the Mashrak-el-Azkar fund. We earnestly hope that
you will send us as large an order and at as early a date as possible, so that they may
be used as Christmas and New Year presents.
You will recognize the benefit which will be derived from the formation of a chain of
daily thought that will unite all of those reading the same daily quotations. Our idea is that
in dwelling upon these beautiful words, We Will be more firmly united with Abdul Baha and
with each other and thereby place ourselves in the correct attitude of receiving more
and more strength from the teachings of the Revelation of 
The committee having the calendar in charge, expects to revise and send for an edition
for 1913, which it is hoped will be better, than this its first effort. During the year any
suggestions and corrections or additions will be cheerfully received and the committee invites
correspondence upon the same. Please send letters and orders to
HONOLULU BAHAI ASSEMBLY, P. O. Box 761, HONOLULU, TER. HAWAII.

