STAR OF THE WEST
Vol. II Chicago (November 23, 1911) Kowl No. 14
WITH ABDUL-BAHA IN PARIS.
BY MARY HANFORD roan.
To one who has visited Abdul-Baha in his prison h0-me- at Acca, the delight of
seeing him in the western world is almo-st indescribable. I was not so fortunate
as to be with him in London, but I had the good fortune to arrive in Paris shortly
after he reached that city, and for two weeks I was able to see him every morning.
He rented his own apartment in Paris, a.nd a little fair"-haired, pleasant-faced
French maid presided over its domestic functions and answered the bell.
"This is my home>> and the home o-f my friends," said Abdul-Baha, and every
one was admitted here without question, no matter to what cult or nationality
he belonged, no matter how shabby were his clo-thes. A background of Persian
men was always present, for all the Persians in Paris apparently camped in the
home of Abdul-Baha during his stay there, but besides the Persians there were
French, Germans, English, Hindus, and a large sprinkling of Americans, among
whom the tall figures of Mr. W0odcock' and Mr. Mills were always noticeable.
Abdul-Ba-ha, of course, paid all his own expenses in Paris, and the -apartment
he rented was a commodious one provided with the best modern conveniences, and
"containing a great drawing room which could easily accommodate from seventy-five
to a hundred people.
Here the interested ones gathered every morning between ten and twelve,
though it was whispered that even before dawn eager seekers were admitted to
private -interviews with Abdul-Baha, and naturally those who did not wish to be
seen entering his house came in the early ho-urs.
Abdul-Baha sp-e-aks only the Oriental tongues, but he understands all that is
said in any language, and in Paris his wonderful words were translated by M.
Dreyfus into especially perfect French. The little company assemble-d at No. 4
Avenue de Camoens never knew exactly at what time the eagerly expected one
would appear. Sometimes he came joyfully, waving a good morning to all, or best
of all, greeting each one with a warm hand clasp. At other times, when there had
been bad news from the seat of war in Tripoli, he would enter with sadness written
upon his eloquent co-untenance, and it was on such occasions that he gave the two
little talks on war that I send you.
Sometimes his address was very short, but always his presence was so stimu-
lating that no one had the slightest consciousness of disappointment when he arose
and left the room. Abdul-Baha is like a great magnet drawing together the noblest
forces of nations and individuals. He is purely not analytic, and his
cohering power is en-o-rmous--he focalizes the temperament of every listener. The
stimulus of his presence in this way is something quite indescribable; it must be
experienced to be comprehended. But if one did not understand Persian or French,
the electric contact with Abdul-Baha and his marvelous and poetic utterance would
be sufficient to transform phlegmatic materialism into spiritual possibility.
The effect of this electric presence was that of clear and prodigious thinking
which swept away like cobwebs all trivialities of sect and disunion, and pierced
through to the divine harmonies which unite one to God and his neighbor. Every
one who listened to Abdul-Baha must have realized that this was no sectarian
founder of a cult. This was a spiritually endowed messenger whose message touched

