STAR OF THE WEST 7
NEWS OF THE CAUSE IN LONDON.
We were favored with the foregoing beautiful Tablet from Abdul~Baha addressed to
the Bahais of England, in reply to a joint supplication sent to him early in the year.
Miss Buckton has j_ust returned from her second visit to Abdul-Baha. The following
are a few of the words she brings back from him: Bahai is known by his deeds. The
Kingdom of God is not in any Society; but some seekers go through many Societies as a
traveller goes through many cities, till he reaches his destination. If ye belong to (L
Society already, do not forsake your brothers." "The highest and most suc-
cessful way to spread the Cause of the Kingdom is by deeds. This is open to all. Join
yourselves to those who Work for the poor, the weak and the unfortunate;--this is greatly
to be commended. To spread the knowledge of the Kingdom by teachelng requires the shill
of the physicia-n; 0. wise physician does not 'ofi?er help to those who do not need treat-
ment! 
Those few of the Bahais here who had the good fortune to meet Mr. Louis G. Gregory,
during his four days in London on his way home to Washington, D-. C., from visiting
Abdul-Baha at Ramleh, were eXceedingly"inte1'ested and edified. To meet such a 'great soul,
so filled with the true Bahai spirit in any man is an inspiration; but when this man is a
negro, and wise enough to be proud of his colour, then it is a revelation impressive with
great significance as one contemplates the difiicult problems existing between the white and
black -populations. How these problems can be changed by a few such men afiame with
G0d's Word!
London Bahais especially request that all pilgrims whom Abdul--Baha advises to visit
them, may give the longest notice practicable of the time of their arrival, that we may be
enabled to arrange for all the friends here possible to profit by these visits. Otherwise,
many miss these opportunities of confirmation in their knowledge ofthe truth of the Bahai
Revelation. Travellers please note.
27th May, 1911. Ontnoert.
FROM THE AMERICAN FIELD.
CHICAGO, last 19-day Tea of the Wo111a11's Assembly of Teaching was held
at the home of Mrs. George Lesch, 35-10 "lest Monroe St. It being the anniversary of the
Declaration of the Bab, Abdul-Baha's birthday and the birthday and annual election of
officers of the Wo1na11's Assembly of Teaching, an appropriate program was given and the
Board of Nine elected, from which the following chairmen were appointed: President,
Mrs. Fannie Leech; Vice-president and Chairman of Temple Committee, Miss Laura E.
Jones; Recording Secretary and Chairman of Program and Press Committee, Miss Mary
Lesch; Corresponding Secretary and Chairman of Organization Committee, Mrs. Louise
R. "Waite; Treasurer, Mrs. Sophie Schefiler; Chairman of Educational Committee, Mrs.
Elizabeth Greenleaf; Chairman 'Philanthropic Committee, Mrs. Bara; Chairman Sick
Committee, Mrs. Christine Loeding; Chairman Social Committee, Miss Sophia Engelhorn.
This year the Chairman of Education will appoint a Librarian and a Lecture Com-
mittee. A circulating library is planned and any calls upon the Woman's Assembly of
Teaching to supply a speaker upon the Bahai Revelation will be filled from the Lecture
Committee, to consist of the men and women of our Assembly best qualified to meet the
demand.
The annual report of the chairmen of each committee shows forth the good results of
organized Work as endorsed by Abdul-Baha. In a. recent Tablet received by the friends
in Kenosha, he has given forth the call for organization of VVon1eri's Assemblies distinctive
from that of their brothers. These two arms of the one body of the general Assembly
can co-operate and in perfect harmony fulfill their dififerent functions. It is upon this
principle that the Woman's Assembly of Teaching has been instituted. Much broader

