14 STAR OF THE WEST
another series on Thursday afternoons, explaining the general teachings concerning
the betterment of nations and welfare of the world. The-re is rarely an afternoon or
evening in which the Doctor or Mrs. Getsinger, or both are not busy giving informa-
tion somewhere of the glorious movement.
Mrs. Getsinger's work has been no less important than Dr. Fareed's, but it has
been mostly among women. There was one gathering of peculiar import. It was
the Jewish Ladies Council of San Francisco. Over nine hundred persons were
present. The platform was arranged like a Persian home, and a Persian Tea-party
was given by Mrs. Getsinger, assisted by several friends, all in costume, appearing
as Persian, Turkish, Egyptian and Jewish ladies. After the- tea serving, Mrs. Get-
singer talked of the Bahai influence and effects upon the lives of the Women of the
Orient, and Dr. Fareed, arriving as a -guest at the party, and garbed as a Persian
Sheik, also 'addressed them. It was a successful and delightful way of presenting
the Glad-tidings of the Bahai Movement for wo-men.
Mrs. Getsinger is also giving a course of addresses at Prof. Giffen's beautiful
studio, on Tuesday evenings, speaking of the deeper meanings of the Teachings to
those who sincerely'desir'e them. At present her lectures are upon the first three
of the "Seven Valleys." Those who attend these meetings are deeply in earnest, and
are end-eavoring to travel the Path which shall truly bring them into the Country of
Life and "Nearer to God." In the aggregate thousands are hearing the Message and
are kindly disposed towards it, while some are seeking eagerly the realities of the
Divine Word.
Nothing has been said of the regular meetings, both public and private, which
are being held constantly in Los Angeles, San Francisco, and elsewhere, b-ut not a day
passes in California with-out some actual and effective work being done for the Cause.
Each Thursday afternoon, the beautiful home in Oakland is open, where Mrs. Goodall
and Mrs. Cooper greet the many friends who gather from Berkeley, Oakland, Alameda,
and San Francisco. On Sunday, Nov. 26th, the Day of Celebration of Abdul-Baha,
a large- gathering is expected there. Friday afternoons and Saturday evenings,
there are- meetings at the ro-oms of the "Assembly of Abdul-Baha" (so named by
himself) in the Union Square Building.
The visit of Dr. Fareed and Mrs. Ge-tsinger has proved to be a move of true value
under the guidance of the Divine Wisdom. A real Unity is being prepared that Abdul-
Baha may find the fragrance of the "Banquet" of Unity and Love, and be attracted
thereby. T. (7.
WITH ABDULBAHA IN PARIS.
(conrmuxn FROM PAGE 
He must dig -as the miner digs in his mine, to its uttermost depths, eager to seek,
seek, for the jewel that is hidden there in the darkness.
It is the natural law of human life that man should seek thus for the best
that is about him. Thus his vital force expands, and man becomes greater in his
effort. He is thus most fully capable of the union with God which may be his.-
The Orient is the germinating place for the soul. It is here that the Breeze
of God is felt. Here Moses' Law was given, here Christ's Word was spoken, here
Mohamn:1ed's banner was flung to the air.
The Occident on the contrary is the place of expansion. The West applies
and solidifies that which the East suggests. It gives physical form and shape to
the ideals of the East. But the Blreeze of God does not b-low there. It must be
engendered in the East. Yet the Word of Christ has been developed in the West.
It was the Occident which unfolded the teaching of Christ into a great civiliza-
tion, which shows how wonderful was the Word of Christ, and how wonderful is
the West.

