8 STAR OF THE WEST
[Reprinted from The Christian Oommomv-ealth, issue of Sept. 27, 1911.]
ABDUL-BAHA AT BRISTOL.
Last Saturday afternoon Abdul Baha arrived from London with a few friends to
spend the week-end at the Clifton Guest House. After a rest he expressed the Wish to
see the country around Bristol. What impressed him most was the fresh, greeniozf the
woods and fie-lds, the spaciousn-ess of the open downs, and the absence of smoke..
He was present at the evening mea.l and warmly greeted those who had gathered
together to welcome him. After commenting upon the peacefulness of the house he
contrasted the costline-ss of material' fe-asts -with the p-ure simplicity of this meal,
where the all-p-ervadin.g spirit was that of love and friendship between East and
West. The-re Were nineteen at table and on hearing it 'Ab-dul B-aha remarked" that
nineteen was a goo-d number (h-eld sacred by the Bahais) and that this meal
would go down to posterity as a matter of history. It was afterwards proposed to
send to the believers at Teher-an a message of united gratitude for the presence of
Abdul Baha, in response to the geineno-us greeting that they had sent on their part
to -the followers in England. The same evening about eighty friends assembled to
listen to the words of the great Persian teacher. Mr. Tudor Pole took the chair
and introduced him by a fe-w words on the Bahai movement. Abdul Baha then rose
and spoke with impressive dignity, T-amaddon-ul-Molk translating:--
The master says that he has come from very far to see you, and that you are
very welcome. 'He praises God that after forty-two years of imprisonment for the
faith he is able to come to you. Abdul Baha then continued: "These people are very
spiritual, with he-arts looking to-wards God, waiting for the glad tidings. They have
come through the power of the Holy Spirit, therefore We thank God. May he send
you to guide you to your holy mountains andble-ss-ed places; the
Truth has co-me, let its holy springs water you. It is evident that day follows night,
and after dawn the sunset. Just as the sun sets and rises -and sets again, so
Jesus Christ appeared on the horizon of this wo-rld like a sun of Truth, bringing
light and joy to the whole World'. Bu-t the people now are not in such close "touch
with his sp-irit; their religion and faith are not so strong. The people are searching
after material things instead of looking forward to the kingdom. Again God has s-ent
light and truth into the world. The heavenly star has in Persia; a. new
spiritual illumination is now penetrating throughout the wo-rld (the result of Baha
'u 'llah's teaching). The great light shall spread thro-ugh all lands." Ab-dul B-aha
said that our hearts should become as mirrors and be ready prepared for the glad
tidings of the dawning of a new age. Jesus Christ said that we should be born again
through the spiritual fire and love of God and be baptized b-y the water of life and
the Holy Spirit, that we may obtain everlasting life. Abdul Baha went on to say:
"Be very kind and serve every one; become lovers of justice and pray for the whole
of mankind; help the po-or and the children; heal the sick; shelter the refugees;
and be known by your live-s as the children of God; so may that sun become the
light of the World, casting its radiance upon East and West. May the world become
a new world; may war and slaughtering cease and the most Great Peace come. God
help you to spread this Divine teaching, and to establish everywhere the character-
istics of .lesu.s." He then prayed as follows: Go-d, these people are your servants;
they turn their faces to you to receive the manifestations of your bounty. Brighten
all these he-arts and bless their souls. Give them new life to follow your teachings.
Let them enter into your kingdom, and bestow on them the blessing of the Holy
Spirit. Open their eyes to the light and help them to serve mankind. Tho_u'art a
powerful giver and merciful. God bless you all."
After asking the people if they were happy he left the room. Tamaddon-ul-Molk
(conrmunn ON PAGE ELEVEN)

