2 STAR OF THE WEST
[R61W'inted from The Christian Oommonwealth, London, Eng., issue of Sept. 13, 1911.]
TOWARDS SPIRITUAL UNITY.
An Interview with Abdul-Baha.
Dialogue Between Ab-ba.s Eiff-endi and Rev. R. J. Camp-be-ll, M.A.
For years past, wo-rd has been coming to the West that a new prophet has arisen
in the East, and that a gre-at religious movement, starting in Pers-i-a, was spreading
far and wide. Reports were vague and conflicting, but gradually the main facts
emerged. Particulars have been given in The Uhristia/n Commonwealth from time to
time, and in o-ur last issue appeared in outline the story of the movement and its
leaders. The fo-under was Seyyed Ali Muhammad, whose "manifestation" took p-lace
in Shiraz, Persia, in 1844, before he was twenty-five years of age. He assumed the
name of B-ab (gate), and at the end of six years-, mostly spent in prison, was with
one of his devoted fo-llo-wers, p-ublicly shot b-y order of the Shah's Government. F0-r
a short time Mirza Yahya of Nur, who was only twenty years of age, was, under the
title of Subh-i-E'zel ("The Morning of regarded as leader, but the succes-
sion ultimate-ly devolved upon his elder half-brother (born November 12, 1817), Mirza
Hus-ayn 'Ali, or Baha'u'llah ("T'he Splendour of God"). He came to be recognised as
the One ("Whom Go-d would manifest") who-se a~dVEUR]1lt the Bab had foretold, and dur-
ing his lifetime disciples multiplied. Upon the death of B-aha'u'll-ah (-at Acre
on May 28, 1892), his son Abbas Effendi (also called Abdul Biaha, "the servant of
B-aha") succeeded himnow visiting this country.
Some months ago I received p-riva.te information that Abdul Baha might possibly
visit this country, and recently he dispatched from Switzerland the telegram published
in our columns a fortnight ago. O-n Monday evening of last week "The Master," as
his followers naturally call him, arrived in London, and on Tuesday I had the privi-
lege of meeting him. "What is he like?" Let me quote the words of one who visited
him at Akka a few years ago:--
"He is of middle stature, strongly built. He wears flowing light-coloured robes.
On his head i-s a light buff fez with a white cloth wound about it. His long grey
hair rests on his shoulders. His forehead is broad, full, and high, his nose 
aquiline, his moustaches and beard, the latter full, though not heavy, nearly [now
quite] white. His eyes are grey and blue, large, and both soft and penetrating. His
bearing is simple, but there is grace, dignity, and even majesty about his movements.
. . . We see the benignity and the kindliness of his countenance."
It was interesting to find Abdul Baha well axzquainted with The Christian Gom-
monwealth. "He is very p-leased with wha.t you write in your paper," were the first
words, after a. cordial welcome that came through the interpreter. "Some of the
papers write things that he does not like and are not correct, but you write about
what you know." The production 0-f an early copy of our last issue caused some
In-erriment. T'he fact that it was printed a day before the date it bore amused him,
and when the paragraph, meeting between Abdul Baha and the editor of The
Christian Commonwealth took place yesterday (Tuesday) afternoon. So-me parti-
culars will probably appear in our next issue," was translated to- him, he said, with
twinkling eye, he was very pleased with our "prophetic Writing." Of the preceding
pass-age, referring to the fundamental unity of all religious faith, Ab-dul B-aha said,
"You have written all that I can say to- you. That shows that We are one in spirit."
Alluding to his visit to this country he said he wished to gain strength and to
see his friends; the length of his stay would depend upon the state of his health.
A-fiter forty-two years' imprisonment he was glad to be able to travel. I asked
whether it was correct, as has been stated, that he was born in prison. No, he said;
he was born in Teheran, the capital of Persia, in the spring of 1844. I gathered that
at that time his parents were of good position and dignity. When the boy was nine
years of age, the family was exiled from T'eheran to Bagdad. From the beginning,
the movement had been under the ban of the civil power, and sometimes, through
mistaken zeal, such as that of Peter when he struck off Malchus' ear, some disciples
came into direct conflict with. the. government. It was the attempted assassination
of the Shah of Persia in 185-2 by a young B-abi, who had lost his mental balance, that
led to the -arrest of Ba.ha'u'lla.h a.nd the banishment of the family and many of their
coreligionists. From B-agdad, Abbas Effendi, with his father, was transported to
Constantinople and Adrianople, and, finally, in 1868, to Akka, in Syria. Here Baha'-
u'llah remained a prisoner until his death in 1892, and here his son, Ab-dul B-aha,
(CONTINUED on PAGE FOUR)

