4 STAR OF THE WEST
the True One shall ere long encircle all the family. I pray God that Pitts-
burgh may be blessed. It is not permitted to distribute Bahai pamphlets and
literature thro-ugh the streets and markets. On account of the lack of time
a brief answer is given.
Upon thee be the Glory of God! (Signed) ABDUL--BAHA ABBAS.
To Adolph M. Dahl, Pittsburgh, Pa.
HE IS eon!
0 thou scream? of God!
Thy letter was received. Praise be to God', that the call of the Kingdom
of ABHA reached Pittsburgh. Should the friends of God show firmness and
steadfastness, the ray of the light of the Kingdom of .ABI-1A Will shine and that
state and city Will become illuminated.
Endeavor thou that thou mayest study the Persian language thoroughly,
so that thou mayest read the Tablets of and comprehend their
meanings.
In reality, if someone should go to the Netherlands and engage in teaching
the Truth great results would follow. Although such a person cannot be found
for the present, yet before long he shall be discovered.
I supplicate and entreat at the Kingdom of ABHA and ask heavenly con-
firmation for thee. Perchance, God Willing. at some future date We may meet
each other.
Upon thee be the Glory of God! ABDUL-BAHA ABBAs.
Through the maid-servant of God, Mrs. Helen S. Goodall, to- the Members of
the Assembly of Abdul-Baha, San Francisco, California.
HE is coo!
ye faithful f'r/zlends!
The maid-servant of the Kingdom of has Written the joyful
news that the friends in that region have established an Assembly, have en-
gaged in the spreading of the teachings of God and have arisen with the
utmost endeavor, sincerity of intention, and with the fire of the
Love of God so that that country may become a main-spring of the signs, and
that city become illumined, and a number of souls like stars of the Horizon of
Holiness may shine in the assemblage of the Kingdom of man (humanity).
This Assembly was organized at the right time. It is my hope that it
may become a magnet of confirmation. If it remain firm and steadfast this
Assembly Will become so illumined that it will be a full, refulgent moon in the
Horizon of everlasting Glory.
Report and Write to me the services which are accomplished by this As-
sembly so that they may become the cause of spiritual happiness and joy to
the heart.
Upon thee be the Glory of God! (Signed) ABDUL-BAI-IA Anens.

