STAR OF THE WEST
Vol. ll Chicago (June 5, 1911) Nur N055
BRIEF ANSWERS TO SEVEN QUESTIONS.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
[Second of a series of Tablets containing cxhortations to moral and spiritual 
Through Mirza Ahmad Sohrab and Mirza Rafiie, to Mr. and Mrs. Ostburg, Boston, Mass,
an IS eon!
ye two seekers of Truth!
Your letter was received and I became informed of its contents. Some of the letters
you have forwarded have not been received, while others have been received at tho time of
the intense persecutions of the enemy, so it was impossible to reply. When this last letter
was received I found opportunity to answer it, notwithstanding the multiplicity of occupa~
tions, so that you may know how much ye are beloved in this spot and accepted in the
Kingdom of God. As there is little time, brief answers are given to your questions:
Answer to the first question: The spirits of the sous of the Kingdom after the disinte-
gration of this body ascend to the world of Eternal Existence; but should you ask oi'
the place, know thou that that world ofiexistence is the world of unity, but the grades
are different. For instance, the mineral existence has a grade, but that mineral being
has no knowledge of the vegetable kingdom. It (the mineral existence) has no information
of a higher realm; nay, rather, according to appearances, it may deny the higher grade.
Likewise the vegetable life has no knowledge of the animal kingdom. It is entirely heed-
less and unconscious of that kingdom, because the grade of the animal is higher than that
of the vegetable. The vegetable, according to its limited environment, is veiled from the
knowledge of the animal kingdom, and it may deny it, although the animal, the vegetable
and mineral live in the world of existence. Likewise, the animal cannot comprehend the
intelligence of the faculties of man, which is the generalizer of the universal and the
discoverer of the mysteries of beings, so much so that while living in the East he organizes
and founds institutions in the West, and he reveals hidden things. Though he abides in
Europe, he discovers America. Though he dwells upon the earth, he unravels the realities
of the solar system. The animal is entirely unconscious, nay, rather, a denier of this
intelligent force, which penetrates into the unknown and comprehends the general as well
as the particular ideas of this illimitable universe. Likewise the people of the world lack
the knowledge of the world of the Kingdom, nay, rather, they deny it. Do we not hear
from their lips the words, such as these: "Where is the Kingdom'! Where is the Lord
of the Kingdom?" But these souls are like unto the mineral and vegetable who know
nothing of the animal and human kingdoms. They neither see nor search. However, the
mineral, the vegetable and the animal kingdoms all live in this world of existence.
Answer to the second question: The Divine trials are in this world, not in the world of
the Kingdom.
Answer to the third question: The human reality in the other world has no physical like-
ness, nay, rather, it has the likeness of the Kingdom, which consists of the harmonious
element of the realm of the Spiritual Kingdom.
Answer to the fourth question: The center of the Sun of Truth and of the Supreme
World is the Divine Kingdom. Those souls who are purified and sanctified, after the
disintegration of this elemental tabernacle, hasten to the Divine Reahn, and that Realm
is in this universe, but the people of this world have no knowledge of it, just as the
mineral and vegetable kingdoms have no knowledge of the animal and human kingdoms.

