STAR OF THE WEST 11
walking to a spot at a little distance from. us, on the very edge of the embankment,
he watched for a long time- in silence that immaculate outpouring. I can still see
the figure of quiet p0Wer--the face of luminous purity--the Perfect upon
that manifestation of the power and purity of Nature.
Nature then had an added glory to me. I realized as never before her beauty
and significance. That great Hidden Word recurred to me: "All things in the
heavens and the earth have I o-rdained for thee except the hearts which I have ap-
pointed as the place for the descent of the manifestation of My beauty and glory."
I saw 'N-ature not only as a book of divine allegories, but fascinating for her own
the sake -of her loveliness and her secrets, which in this day when "the
earth is revealing her news" she is giving up ever more freely to man. Watching
Abdul-Baha as he comm-uned with the bounty of Nature, I felt deeply the spiritual
value of the arts and sciences. And ever since that drive--that little journey through
country and town with the one of the perfect understanding and sympathy, this world
has been God's world to me. I have understood better the subtleties of detachment-
have seen where the emphasis should be placed. As one of our sisters, who also saw
Abdul-Baha this summer, said very beautifully on her return: "In himself, he up-
lifts humanity into the spiritual station." Does not this clothe the whole of hu-
manity, comprising the world of nature, with a new dignity, and disclose boundless
possibilities?
The simplicity of Abdul-Baha, his normality, give one the real clue to the spirit-
ual life. His teaching is a Religion of Joy--of "expansion and fulfillment" on every
plane-not of deprivation and asceti-cism. And this leads me to touch on another most
beautiful attribute of his. We know well that his frequent injunction is, "Be happy!"
Perhaps his most frequent question is: "Are you his own abundance
of perfect happiness, of undimmed joy, is ever overflowing in the most delicious humor
most irresistib-le humor that ever won a heart. Religion in the past took on
an aspect of fear. This Abdul-Baha smiles away, teaching us the perfect repose and
joy of the spirit's confidence in God as "radiant acquiescence" in Divine
Guidance.
As we drove away from the waterfall, Abdul-Bahia. "said, smiling, to me: "If I
come to America, will you invite me to see such waterfalls?" "Doe-s your coming,"
I smiled in return, "depend on my invitation?" "My invitation to Aniericaj' was
the reply, "will be the unity of the believers."
We drove to an old inn in a cleft between two mountains, and sitting in the
open porch at a rough table, had the simplest of country refreshment. Just as we
were entering the inn a little group of peasant children, bunches of violets in their
hands to sell, pressed around Abdul-Baha. They did not seem to see the rest of us.
I can still see the dull little peasant faces raised wonderingly-r to that face--the out-
stretched hands full of violets. He took from his pocket a handful of francs and gave
to them abundantly. How he gives-gives gives! His lo-ve seems never content
with giving. Tirelessly he gives of his spirit and a tender father he
gives of material things--little keepsakes, or, in lovely symbol, flowers.
In the future I am sure stories will abound in that country-side of the sojourn
there of Ab-dul-Baha. Then those little peasants, loo-king back to- that moment of
wonder at the sublimity of a face, will muse: "Was it he? Did we see him? It
must have been he!"
I should like to speak here of something which was of unparalleled beauty to
me: His power of attraction for the children. It was moving indeed to see their
upward glances when he passed or stood near them, and the looks of love which he
bent, as he lingeringly fondled the little heads, on those pure baby souls, so fresh
from their Creator! Not that they could know, but in their innocence they felt. If
only all might remember!

