8 STAR OF THE WEST
from our beloved Abdul-Baha; like spring showers, at first single drops; then
stronger and faster, and finally like copious rain, through the Words and Glad-tidings
to Stuttgart, by his messengers, Mirza Assad Ullah, Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, Lady
Blomfield and Mrs. Earl.
We send herewith some of these Tablets.
Bahai greeting to all the friends, Ma-rgarethe Dorilng, Librarian.
NEVVS NOTES .
The work of spreading the Glad-tidings in Stuttgart is p-rogressing. At the
close of the year 1910, there was only one Bahai meeting; but 110w, at the close of
1911, we have meetings five times a. week at four different places in this city and
vicinity--the numb-er -of participants having increased considerably.
In May, 1911, we had the privilege of entertaining Mr. Louis G. Gregory, of
Washington, D-. (1., who came to us from the presence of Abdul-Baha, throb-bing with
new life and light. A reception in his honor was held at 24 Canzelei Str. To the
home of the Stabler family in Stuttgart; to Mrs. and Miss Kaslin in Esslingen, and
to Mr. and Mrs. Schweizer in Zuffenhausen, near Stuttgart, our honore-d guest came
and told the -assembled friends much that was interesting.
Many of us longe-d to visit our beloved Abdul-Baha in Acca or Egypt, but were
unable to do so. Great was our rejoicing, when in August, we learned that he was in
Thonon, Switzerland, and would- be in London in September. Miss Alma Knobloch,
Mr. and Mrs. Herrigel and Mr. Haiges hastened to London and passed many wonderful
days there in the presence of Abdul-Baha. When he visited Paris in O-ctob-er, Mr. and
Mrs. Eckstein and Mr. and Mrs. HI-aifner and their child went to receive the inspiration
of meeting him and had the great joy of being photographed with him. From the
13th to the 16th of October, Miss Margarethe D-tiring remained with Abdul-Baha and
had the honor of living in the house occupied by him; from the 19th to the 22nd,
Miss Anna Kiastlin, Miss Julie Stabler and Mr. and Mrs. S-chweizer were in Paris
and during the three days of their visit were rece-ived six times in private audience.
Though our Master sojourned so near and we all longed for the blessing of his
presence in Stuttgart, he was unable to come. He, therefore, sent a message to us
through Lady Blomfield, Mrs. Earle, Mirza Assad Ullah and Mirza Ahmad Sohrab,
and we were very happy during the visit of these precious souls--a period of three
days, from Sunday, Dec. 4th, to Tuesday, the 7th. Our Persian brothers were the
guests of Mr. and Mrs. Eckstein, while Mr. and Mrs. Herrigel entertained the ladies.
Sunday afternoon, at 4 o'clo-ck, a meeting was held in the Burger museum, where,
after words of he-arty welcome, Lady Blomfield delivered the Maste-r's message to us
in English. Mrs. Earle then translated it into- Germ-an. It reads as follows:
Rejoice! Rejoice! Beca-use of the Glad-tidings! You have attained to the light
of the Kingdom. The glory of the Sun of Truth penetrates all regions.
Rejoice! Rejoice! Glad-tidings I send un-to you. The doors of the Kingdom are
open. The heavenly manna has descended upon you.
Rejoice! Rejoice! T-here were m-any holy messengers sent into the world; they
came one after another, and all diffused the breath of the Holy Spirit.
Praise God! Praise God! That you have turned your faces tow-ard the Kingdom.
The rays of the Sun of Truth are illuminating you.
Strive w-ith heart and soul that the Heavenly Light may descend' upon all people
and that through it every heart may be enlightened and that the spirit of the human
race may partake of Its glory. Worlc and strive until all regions of the world are
bathed in this Light. Fear not when trouble overtahes you. You will be criticized .-
you will be persecuted; you will be cursed and reviled. Recall in those days what I
tell you noio: Your triumph will be sure; your hearts will 'be filled with the
Glory of God, for the heavenly power will sustain you, and God will be with you.
This is my message to you.
On Sunday evening, at 8 0'clock, a reception and unity meeting was held at the
home of Mr. and Mrs. Eckstein. On Monday evening another unity meeting was
held, the Message from Abdul-Baha again read, and all the friends were filled with
the spirit of oneness and inhaled the fragrance of the rose-garden of the Love of
God. It was felt that the prayers of Abdul-Baha were being answered and that we
were experiencing his sp-iritual presence,
We all pray God for His blessing and aid that the Cause may take deeper root.
Frederieh Sehw eieer.

