 STAR OF THE WEST 7
THE MASHRAK-EL-AZKAR IN AMERICA.
Through Zia Effendi, Chica-go--Upo11 him be Claudia
Stuart Coles, Wa.shington, D. C.--Upon her be Bar-1A'o'LLnn!
HE Is eon I
thou who art euholnd-led by the fire of the love of God!
Verily, I have perused thy beautiful letter of Wonderful composition,
Which proveth thy firmness, assurance and steadfastness in the faith; and
thy singing the verses of holiness to thy Merciful Lord. Blessed art thou
from this great gift. Joy be unto thee from this vast providence.
Know thou that the building of the Mashrak-el-Azkar is the greatest
foundation in those regions. God said in the Koran, "It is those who believed
in God, and the Last Day, shall build the Temples of God." It is incumbent
upon thee and upon all, to put forth the best effort in these days, in building
this glorious Temple; raising the tumult of commemorations therein, during
the Wing of the night, at dawn, and at eventide. It is incumbent upon ye
(men and Women) to be united, in this great Cause, so that ye may be con-
firmed by the Divine Bounty, and Merciful Spirit; become increased With
energy and power; gain a recompense, and estimation. I implore God, and
supplicate Him to make your feet firm in the straight path, and in the upright
way. (Signed) ABDUL--BAI--IA ABBAS.
The foregoing Tablet from our beloved Abdul-Baha reached me in London and I
think will be as a glad clarion call to all in regard to the work of the Cause. Over
and over in Tablets about the Mashrak-el-Azkar, Abdul~Baha has given to each soul a
call to service for the glory of God. It is not Chicago, nor America, nor a group of
believers, that are to be glorified by the Mashrak-el-Azkar, but the Living God, and
when the Light of the Guidance of God says "it is incumbent upon ye, men and
Women, to be unite-d in this great Cause," surely every soul who believes that the
Day of God is here, Will, as one b0-dy, arise for "this great service."
Abdul-Baha expects to attend the Convention to be held in Chicago during the
coming spring-time. Unquestionably, he will dedicate the site of the Mashralr-el-Azlzar
at that time.
Through the guidance of God this site has been ch-osen, and Abdul-Baha's wish
that there be room for ample grounds is being obeyed. He ha.s said that "all shall
unite." If those of us who call ourselves believers, for a few short Wee-ks shall lay
aside our own ideas of What seems to- us best for the Cause and do that which Abdul-
Baha says is the most important Work at this time; if We can take the step outlined
for us by him, believing, seeing, feeling, hearing and trusting in his Wisdom; if in
selflessness, humility and unity We serve together in earnest effort>>--his desires will
be fulfilled and the site -of the Mashrak-el-Azkar (The Dawning Place of the mention-
ing o-f God) found ready for his consecration. Every one has deep responsibility;
no one human being knows in full the demands upon anothe-r soul; no one can judge
the Work of another--that is God's work; but each soul can, in humble faith, face
squarely the words of Abdul-Baha in regard to what he says is "the most important
Work," and, in the measure of seeking, find light and hope and power that will be
dynamic in its realization.
Prayerfully studying this Tablet in humility, in reverence, in faith, let us unite
to Work shoulder to shoulder as inspired atoms of one great tool with which Abdul-
Baha can lay the foundation of the cause of Confirmation to the Cause. Then truly
"Will We become increased with energy and power; gain a recompense and estimation."
0 Lord, make our feet firm in the straight path!
Claudia Stuart Ooles.

