STAR OF THE WEST 7
visit of Mr. Percy F. VVOodcock to Ramleh, Abdul-Baha said to him; "The
Maslirak-el--Azkar is the symbol of the real church, which church is the
Reality of the Christ. It is for this purpose that we should consider that, as
the outward Edifice can gather men of different nations in one place, likewise
the Reality of Christ has united the great races of the world together."
C0/ml-mic True, Fincmoial Secretary.
NEWS ITEMS.
Abdul-Baha, after staying nearly three months in Cair-0-during which
time he was interviewed by many prominent people--returned again to Ram-
leh, the delightful suburb of Alexandria, on July 22d. He was accompanied
by Mirza Assadullah, Mirza Moneer, Mirza Mahmoud and Aga Khosro. On
August 11th, Abdul-Baha _departed for Europe, arriving first in Marseilles,
France.
CERSELNIA-TOCAR-N0, Bahai home has been established here by
Signora Forni, where children physically we-ak but mentally strong are taken and
given a B-ahai education. There is also a hosp-ice- where traveling Bahais may rest
for a few days. The spot is ideal, very high over Lago Maggiore. Signora Forni is
also anxious to have three or four Persi-an boys who would have happy surroundings,
education in four languages, outdoor life, vegetari-an diet and perfect freedom. It is
a beautiful home, Where the commands of love are carried out. She has a remarkable
gift of healing by natural means, sun, air, wa.ter and fruits; that is the reason she
asks for children who may not he s-trong, but have awakened intellects. Her whole
life is devoted t0- training souls for the Cause. Annie T. Boylcn.
Four BOMBAY, INn1A--'l'he H-ouse of Spirituality sent th-e following telegram to
his majesty the king-emperor, George V, on the coronation day: 'Respect towards
the He-ad of the State is a part of respect to-wards God.' 'Th-e people of Baha should
be loyal and law-abiding citizens in whatever country they may dwell.' Congratula-
tions from the Bahai community of India to his majesty, the king-emperor, George V,
on this, his coronation day." We received the following reply from Sir Arthur Begge,
private secretary to his majesty, the king-emp-eror: am commanded by the king
and queen to thank you and all who joined with you for the loyal sentiments to
which your telegram gives expression." The royal reply was an early one and was
printed in all the leading papers of B0-mb-ay.
Janabe Aga Syed l\/lustaffa, of Rangoon, with the two revered teachers from Persia,
Janabe Aga Abdul Hussein and Janabe Aga Mirna Assadullah, have gone to Calcutta
to spread the Cause.
Mr. Pritamsingh, M.A., professor of political economy, Patiala, recently came
to Bombay, and is serving the Cause in whatever way he can. N. R. Vakil.
LONDON, ENcLANn--While lecturing before the Theosophists at Eng-
land, re-cently, Mr. W. Tudor-Pole gave the Bahai Message. He states that he has
never before seen such interest and enthusiasm aroused, and he was asked to send
the following ca-blegram to Abdul-Baha: "International Theosophical Summer School,
in conference assembled in send through Mr. Tudor-Pole fraternal greet-
ings and desire to unite with your work for universal racial understanding, peace, and
fellowship. Dunlop (Chairman)." Abdul-Baha wired the following reply from Mar-
seilles: "Reply Theosophical Schoo-1. Greeting caused great happiness. Hope godly
power will raise the tent of unity for the material and spiritual rest of mankind."
Arthur Outhbert.

