6 STAR OF THE WEST
The following Tablet has been received from Abdul-Balia in regard to the important
matter of sending two teachers to the School of Tarblatz
HE IS GOD.
Thou Servant of the Blessed Perfection!
They have written from Tehera11 that there is need of a scientific teacher for the
School of Tarbiat. He must be eflicient in science as well as the English language; for
at present there is no man in the School of Tarbiat who is a scientist or linguist. They
are in need of both, science and the English language.
Therefore, consult with the believers of God and select one soon, from among the
American Bahais, who is efficient in science and arts, and send him to. Teheran. He
will receive a salary, sufficient to sustain him with the utmost ease while there.
Likewise select a woman teacher who may fill the position of principal as well as
teacher, and send her without delay. The woman must have a share of the knowledge of
sciences and be proficient in woman's work, such as sewing, housekeeping, hygiene and
household economics, etc.
This matter is very necessary, and you must give to it the utmost importance and
exert yourselves to bring this about; so that the association of the Interdependence of
the West may render this assistance to the East.
Upon thee be Baha-el--ABHA! (Signed) ABDUL--BAHA ABBAS.
Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, February 23, 1911.
In line with the foregoing, we shall be glad to hear from volunteers who may' be
able to teach the above branches. Within a month after the publication of this article
the choice will be made.
Following the command of Abdul-Baha, the
ORIENT-OCCIDENT UNITY
is being formed, to carry on in a larger way the work of the Persian.-American Educa-
tional Society. A Central Executive Board has been established, with headquarters at
Washington, composed of the following: Charles Mason Remey, Chairman; Arnauld
Belmont, Vice--Chairman; Ios. H. Hannen, Secretary; Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, Treasurer;
Stanwood Cobb, Edwin C. Reed, Mrs. L. J. Mrs. C. S. Coles and Mrs.
E. C. Dunlop, Assistant Secretary.
A National and an International Executive Board, respectively, have been planned.
The following have accepted membership on the former: Mr. Thornton Chase, Los An-
geles, Cal.; Mr. Alfred E. Lunt, Boston, Mass.; Mrs. Helen Campbell, Boston, Mass.;
Mrs. Agnes Parsons, Washington, D. Mrs. Elizabeth No.urse, Atlantic City, N. 
Mrs. Louise R. Waite, Chicago, Mr. Frank D. Clark, Buffalo, N. Mr. Bernard
M. Jacobsen, Kenosha, Wis.; Mr. Louis G. Gregory, Washington, D. C.
As soon as replies are received from the letters sent to the proposed members of
the International Board, its personnel will be announced. We have received a favorable
response from Mr. Maxwell, of Montreal, Canada.
The work which these Boards are expected to accomplish has been summarized
under nine headings, as follows:
1. A proposed General Conference, either in the late Spring or early Autumn of
the current year.
2. The arrangement of a program for this Conference.
3. The invitation of various speakers.
4. The translation of the Constitution into French, Russian, German, Italian, Per-
sian, Arabic, Iapanese, Turkish, Hindustani, etc.
The adoption of the Constitution at the Conference.
Printing literature and conducting a world-wide campaign of education.
Selecting suitable General Officers of the Orient-Occident Unity.
8. For the foregoing and other purposes of the Association, Two Thousand Dollars
($2,000) is needed, which should be in the Treasury as so_on as possible.
9. General publicity in all legitimate ways.
Abdul-Bah-a, in a recent Tablet written by his own hand,, says: have read the
Constitution of the Orient--Occident Unity, and enclose herein the original and the trans-
lation. Collect the criticisms and suggestions, the ideas and improvements of all the
wise and intelligent souls, and after the complete correction and perfecting of the Con-
Stitution, organize this movement."
It is hoped that all who feel they have some new ideas may write to us, so that
they may be incorporated in our Constitution, if compatible with the general plans and not
already covered. We shall wait one month from the appearance of this article, as every-
thing must be in readiness for the annual meeting of the Society in May. Copies of the
proposed Constitution may be obtained upon application to the headquarters of the
Orient-Occident Unity, 1800 Belmont Road, Washington, D. C.


