STAR OF THE WEST 11
Later on Abdul-Baha said that despite the advancement of England, that the
Cause there would in time b-e bitterly denounced and condemned by some of the most
learned people-. He said that one scholar in particular would write a book against
the Bahai teaching. Then smilingly he gave us to understand that -as light has noth-
ing to fear from da.rkn-esis, neither have the peolple of G0d's- Truth anything to fear
from those who oppose their Cause.
Since this recent visit, Abdul-Baha stands out more than ever in my mind as
a of principles rather than a re-spector of personalities. He is independent
of all persons and b-e-cause he is independent of all, he is able to help all. His methods
of teaching are positive in the extreme without the slightest suggestion of negation.
In meeting people of all manner of thou.ght fro-m orthodoxy to- atheism, his one
object is to strike a positive sympathetic chord with the individual. Through accentu-
ating and dwelling upon the ground of comm-on thought, spiritual chords of Unity are
extended from him to many souls, and through ignoring the differences, those de-
structive, negative forces, finding nothing to set them in vibration, are- as non-existent.
From this we can le-a.rn a valuable less-on in teaching. It is no-t only unnecessary
but also very harmful for one to attempt to dislodge religious beliefs from the mind
of a truth-seeker by any other method than that employed by Abdul-Baha when he
positively and fearle-ssly gives forth The Truth as revealed by We
B-ahais have been told to go forth and give the pure teaching, allowing the Spirit to
quicken the souls of the people, thus producing that change by virtue of which the
darkness of false teaching and superstition is annihilated and the soul is made free
to live and grow in the life of the Spirit.
As each soul meets Abdul-Baha it receive-s from him the unspoken . spiritual
message which it most needs at that particular time. This was that message which I
received recently from Ab-dul-Bahla; for when I saw the freedom from negation and
the positivene-ss of s-pirit with which he met and conversed with all people, I realized
in a degree, as 1 never had before, that the Bahai work is one of seed sowing, not of
harrowing, of building, not of destroying, but of seeking points of union with all men
and of ignoring the differences, and of planting Within all souls the positive assurance
and enlightenment which the teaching gives, being assured that through the pene-
trati-ve power of the S-pirit all obstacles will_ be overcome and that in His own time,
God will accomplish all things.
Regarding and himself, Abdul-Baha said: is the
root, I am the Branch. The ro-ot of a tree does not bear fruit. The fruit is found upon
the branches."
After having remained ne-ar Abdul-Bah-a for three days and having 1ny cup filled
to overflowing so that it could contain no more, I was very glad to leave London and
return to America, where I trust to b-e enabled to live those principles so freely given
by Abdul-Baha who is God's Servant here among men.
Faithfully your fell_o1w-servant. in El-Baha,
Charles Mason Rooney.
ABDUL BAHA AT BRISTOL.
(CONTINUED FROM PAGE EIGHT)
then gave a short account of the Bahais and the terrible sufferings they had under-
gone for their faith. He spoke of some of the which he had himself
witnessed. Mr. Tudor Pole also spoke of the great Persian lady, a poetess, Quar_ratul-
'Ain, of whom an account appeared in The Uh-ristvlau Oommomoealth of September 13.
After a few questions were asked the gathering clos-ed. Abdul B-aha stood in the
doorvvay and shook hands with everyone, wishing them Gods-peed.
Sunday being -a glo-rious Abdul Baha went driving b-0-th mo-rning and after-
noon; he walked on the downs, and spoke with many of the little children whom he
met; Later he gathered together the servants of the house, spoke to them of the
dignity of labo-ur, and thanked them for their work. He t-hen went over the
Glif-ton Guest House, and blessed it as a centre for pilgrims from East and West,
saying that it would becono-e truly both a guest ho,us,e and a, rest house indeed.
Abdul Baha returned to London on Monday, and Bristol is the only 
city that he has visited during his present stay in this oountry. He leaves England
early next week.

