STAR OF THE WEST 7
sisters and brothers; and graciously enlighten Frl. Schaffer, Frl. Andrassy
and Frau. Kusterer with the Light of Guidance.
Convey my greetings to Herr Kruttner, and Herr Richard Bauerle. I
supplicate to- the Divine Glory, and ask for them bright hearts, merciful
spirits, seeing eyes and hearing ears.
I ask God to make you a firm rooted, verdant and fruitful tree in the
Paradise of ABI-IA.   if
Upon thee be the Glory of the Most Glorious!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Aianiis.
Translated by Mirza Yuhanna Dawud, August 15, 1911.
Through Mirza Mohammed Ya-zdi, Alexandria, to the friends of God in Stutt~
gart.
Upon them be the Glory of God!
HE Is eon!
my tr-we free/n-ds!
The friends on their return from Stuttgart are praising all the friends
of the Merciful in that city, saying: Praise be to God! that the friends are in
utmost attachment and are ignited by the Fire of the Love of God. They are
occupied in na-ught but the Divine commemoration. And also the contents of
your letter proved your great love.
It seems that the Light of the Sun of Truth will shine powerfully in
Stuttgart and all over Germany; the Breath of the Holy Spirit will show
forth a great result, and the Bounty of the VVord of God will spread over all.
I give you the Glad-tidings that your advancement in the Divine Kingdom
Will be great and that the Doors of the Kingdom are opened to all the people
of Germany.
\/Vho Will embrace it first? I hope that the called ones of Germany may
become the chosen ones.
Therefore you should seek no rest; nay rather endeavor day and night to
guide the people, to give sight to the blind, to give life to the dead and to
grant Everlasting Life.
Upon you be the Glory of God!
D.eCemb.e1~, 1911_ (Signed) ABDUL--BAHA ABBAS.
i
To the STAR or TI-IE 
I-Iow infinite are the Ways of G-0-d and how exalted are the prophecies of His
Light that have dawned and illumined the whole World! (Matt. 24:27.) The 
in the East and reflected in the West through His Teachings,
which have illumined the region of America.
We, the German friends, are happy for the bounties of Providence, and give
thanks that the divine Teachings were brought to us from that favored country. A
leaf from the le-aves* of America was sent to us through the guidance of Abdul-Baha:
Miss Alma S. Knobloch, of "Washington, D. 0., who gave us the wonderful Bahai
Teachings in an incomparable way. Always giving what she had, never thinking
of herself, making every sacrifice for the promotion of the Cause, she quietly endured
many severe trials, and today We recognize the blessings we have received through
her untiring efforts.
Through the Mercy of the Blessed Beauty? the Spiritual Breezes have been
turned toward the German nation, for many Tablets and Messages have been received
*Leaves--1I.e. women. 'Blessed Beaut 


