STAR OF THE 9
NEWS FROM THE OCCIDENT.
GERMAN Y.
STUTTGART, meetings
of the Assembly are not only increasing
in number, but also in firmness. All the
Bahais are exerting themselves in serving
the Cause and a number are engaged in
translating the Tablets and the Teachings
of the Bahai Revelation.
Our Librarian wishes to call the atten-
tion of the friends to the library of the
Assembly and will gladly respond to all
those desiring German literature. Address
hi. Doring, Bahai Assembly, Konzlei Str.
2 P.
--/llma S. K1/zobloch, Neue Wei1tsteige 23.
UNITED STATES.
MAss.--One of the most delight-
ful evenings the Bahai Assembly of Bos-
ton has known was that on which the
Feast of Naurooz was held on March 21st.
Prof. Singh, the distinguished Hindoo
professor, with his wife, were guests, and
a Persian in Mirza Raffie Esphahani. a
Mohammedan, his friend, a_]ew, a Swede
and others, made the Feast one
of Unity of Nations and Religions. Mrs.
Alice Ives Breed. Chairman of the Feast
Committee, presided with dignity and
grace at the tables decked with flowers and
fruits. Fine mus" was enjoyed, both
vocal and instrumental, kindly furnished
by musicians who were friends of some
"of the Bahais, and selections from the
Bahai literature were read by different
members. Altogether forty-nine were
present.
The following members have been elected
to the Board of Council for the year be-
ginning March 21st:
Chairman, Mr. Harlan F. Ober; Record--
ing Secretarv, Miss S. M. Smoot; Cor-
responding Secretary, Miss Julia Culver;
Treasurer, Mr. George E. Ostburg; Li-
brarian, Mrs. George E. Ostburg, and four
directors, Mrs. Helen Campbell, Mrs. Alice
Ives Breed, Mr. Alfred E. Lunt and Mrs.
W. H. Partridge.
Mr. Alfred E. Lunt has been elected
delegate to the Chicago Convention; Miss
Grace Roharts and Miss Julia Culver as
alternates. --JuZia Culver, 5ec'y.
D. C.--The Washington
Assembly greatly enjoyed a visit from
Miss Grace Robarts, of the Boston As-
sembly, who spent several days with us
recently.
The Feast of Naurooz was given on
March 21st. at the home of Mrs. M. C.
Hotchkiss, in Kendall Green. Her charm-
ing daughters assisted her in dispensing
graceful hospitality. Eloquent speeches, a
beautifully decorated table extending the
full length of the room laden with can-
delabra, fioral decorations and a large and
interested assembly combined to make this
occasion a complete success. Thus the
New Year began under most inspiring aus-
pices.
On Wednesday, March 22d, a surprise
farewell reception was tendered to Mr.
Louis G. Gregory, by the colored believers.
More than hrty of these believers and in-
vited guests were present. This was in
connection with the regular Wednesday
meeting, held at the residence of Mr. and
Mrs. Andrew Dyer--the latter is the
"Lydia" of the Work among the colored
people in Washington, her house being
always open for the meetings.
Mr. Gregorywas given the seat of hon-
or,' at the head of the long table, and his
chair was surmounted by a horse--shoe of
flowers. While refreshments were being
served, speeches were made by a number,
including Dr. W. B. Evans, Principal of the
Manual Training School;
Judge Gibbs, former U. S. Consul to
Madagascar; Professor l-I. Hart,
of Howard University; Professor G. 
Cook, of Harvard University; Mr. Edward
J. Braithwaite; Mr. Duffield; Miss Murrell,
of the faculty of Manual
Training School; Miss Grace Robarts;
Mrs. Claudia S. Coles; Mr. Charles Mason
Remey;,Profess0r Stanwood Cobb; Mr.
and Mrs. Hannen. Mr. Gregory responded
in a feeling manner to the good wishes
expressed. He sailed from New York,
March 25th.
Signatures to the Inter-Assembly Unity
Supplication to Abdul-Baha, have been
received fron1 all directions, and the sup-
plication has been forwarded in line with
the original plan. We take this oppor-
tunity of acknowledging many fraternal
greetings sent with the slips.
The Washington friends are rejoiced to
welcome back Mrs. Fosselman and Mrs.
Charles I-I. Glines, together with her two
daughters, Ruth and Helen, who have been
absent, the former for several months, the
latter more than a year.
--f0sep/z H. Harman.
Mrs. Louisa E. Ruddiman, of Gobles-
ville, Michigan, passed into the fuller life
April 4th, while visiting among the friends
in Chicago. Self sacrificing and devoted .to
the Cause, she has unquestionably attained
the glorious station promised those who
"endure unto the end."
\/Vord comes to us announcing the death
of Mrs. Mary M. F. Miller, Enterprise,
Kansas, after a stroke of paralysis.

