12 STAR OF THE WEST
TI-IE VANISHING on THE VEIL.
(conrmurn FROM PAGE Two)
of God. The prop-hets of God are the mediators of God. All the prophets and
messengers have co-me from one Holy Spirit and bear the mes-sage 0-f God, suited
to the age in which they appear.
It is the Ono Light in them, and they are one with each. o-the-r. But the eternal
does not become phenomenal, neither can the phenomenal become eternal. St. Paul,
the great apostle, said, "We all, with open face, beholding as in a mirror the glory
of God, are changed into the same image from g.lory to glory."
Then, raising his hands, Abdul Baha prayed: God, the Forgive-r! Heav-
enly Educator. This assembly is adorned with the mention of thy holy name. Thy
children turn their face towards thy kingdom. He-arts are made happy and souls are
comforted. Merciful God! Clause us to repent of -our shortcomings! Accept us in
thy heavenly kingdom and give unto us an abode Where there shall be no error. Give
us peace. Give us kno-wledge, and open unto us the gates of thy heaven.
"Thou art the Giver of all! Thou art the Forgiver! Thou art the Merciful!"
The final note of a real chord of harm-ony was struck when Archdeacon Wilber-
force asked that Abdul Baha would pronounce the Benediction. think we should
take it kneeling," he said.
Who shall say that the veil is not vanishing'? Peggy Scott.

[Extract from ct letter from 'Kent, England]
I do not know if you have heard about our beloved Mas-ter's coming to Arch-
deacon Wilb-erfo-rce's church, St. ohn's, Westminster, last Sunday evening, so in case
you have not, 1 will tell you about "it. How Wonderful it all w-as! T'o begin with, I
have never heard a service conducte-d as Archdeacon Wilberforce conducted this one.
His intercessions were re-al intercessions and reminded one of our healing prayers
rather than one of the usual formal church prayers. One felt the Spirit in our midst.
Then, a.fter he had given a short address he s-aid that Abdul-Baha, the great Persian
teacher, was co-ming to address us tonight, and went to fetch him from the vestry.
He conducted the dear one up the chancel steps to where a chair was placed for him
in full view, and when he was seated, said: "Rudyard Kipling has said, 'East is East
and West is West and they twain never shall I say they can and do meet
on the common ground of Love and here is the proof. Look at our wonderful guest of
tonight who has suffered forty years imprisonment for the sake of humanity. Look
at those hands which have felt the chains, those feet which have endured the gyves,
because of his Message of Love and Unity to all peoples, and now he is free and
has come to us from the East to b-ring that Message. Oh! pray that God's blessing
may descend upon him; send out vibrations of love to meet this S-pirit of God who
is in our midst." You will know how we sent out all our love to meet him, and I do
not think there were many dry eyes. How glorious he looked! all the lines of pain
and weariness were gone from that beloved fa.ce; truly he shone with a beauty not of
earth; one felt that he was able to unveil be-cause of the heavenly atmosphere sur-
rounding him. I had prayed to see his divinity--and now I saw it and was almost
afraid. Then he spoke and prayed for us, after which the Archdeacon read the trans-
lation, saying, would I could reproduce the musical inflections of the Masters
voice"--and when he had finished, the Master chanted a benediction. I had so longed
to hear him ch-ant. I little thought I should do so here in a church! Thank God
that at least two of Christ's churches have been found worthy to receive him. Then
the Archdeacon took him reverently by the hand and conducted him down the aisle,
saying as he did so: "We do not speak his language, nor he ours, but for the angels
of God there is no Babel." It was a scene which none of us will ever forget.
Dorothy odgson.

