STAR or THE WEST 13
The morning was misty, the veil-ed lake and mountains were like the World of
dream. We gathered around him in the boat while he sat in our midst, the embodi-
ment of command, yet of holiest sweetness; a comb-in-ation of utter evanescence and
supreme power impossible to convey in words. Suddenly he broke a silence by
saying:
"Others are going from an immortal to a mortal kingdom, but the Bahais are
journeying in the Ark of the Covenant from a mortal to an immortal world.
"The Jews had turned towards an immortal kingdom, but when they looked
backward to mortal things they became dispersed.
"Again Christ led men on to an Immortal Kingdom; therefore their Signs re-
mained.
"God be praised for now you are on a Ship bearing you to Immortal Worlds.
Day by day your signs will become clearer."
Could I -only make clear to you that picture, the bow of our boat cleaving the
mists, till we seemed to be actually navigating the ether; could I only make clear
the figure sitting in our midst, I know you would feel there was no "looking back-
ward" for those who had seen that journey so symbolized.
That night, when I sat for the last time at the table of Abdul-Baha, our dear
sisters, Elizabeth Stewart and Lilian Kappes on their way to a life of consecration
in Persia, were with us.
Breaking a revealing silence, with that speech which uplifts the soul in joy
indescribable, Abdul-Baha said:
"To the refreshing Water of the Teachings of come many and vari-
ous birds from many lands and at these cooling streams slake their thirst.
"When the Lamp is ignited the butterflies flutter around the Light."
"May we," said Lilian Kappes, "be ready to singe our wings at that Light."
"Good!" said Abdul-Balia, am very much pleased with your answer!"
In the Love of that Light, your sister,
Juliet Thompson.

CALIFORNIA. NEW S.
Doctor Fareed and Mrs. Getsinger are accomplishing good work in California.
At San Francisco a wonderful interest in the Bahai Cause has developed. The
friends there opened the doors of acquaintance to the utmost. The many opportuni-
ties, the lectures, addresses, and audiences through two months' time can only be
outlined now. Soon after their arrival Dr. Fa-reed was introduced at some of the
prominent clubs of the city, and he was enabled to speak at various lunches and func-
tions. These resulted in his giving an address before a meeting of Scottish Rite
Masons, and again before the 1-ocal lodge of Knights Templar, and later before an
assemblage of the Grand Lodge of Knights Templar, at which seven hundred members
were present. He spoke on a Sunday to the congregation of the Unitarian Church
of Alameda, across the bay from San Francisco. The many newspaper reports were
all kindly and commendatory.
He met President Taft at a luncheon of the Union League Club, and also at the
dedication of the ground for the 1915 Panama Exposition. He had an opportunity
for a few minutes to speak privately to the President when, as a Bahai, he congratu-
lated him upon his efforts for Arbitration Treaties and prom-otion of Peace between
nations. Thus the President was informed of the goal of the Bahai Movement, and its
sympathy with all efforts for the Unity and Peace of the World.
Dr. Fareed gave a series of nine Sunday evening lectures, at the hall of the
California Club, upon the beginning and growth of the Bahai Reformation, and also

