STAR OF THE WEST
[Continuind the BAHAI 
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES .4 YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Chicago, 111., U.S.A.
Entered as second-class matter 'April 9, 1911, at the post ofiice at Chicago, Illinois, under the Act of March 3. 1879.
ALBERT R. BUIKEMA
Persian AHMAD SOHRAB, 1800 Belmont Road, Washington, D.C., U.S.A.
Associate Editor.--DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI, Chicago. 7 
Teams: $1.00 per year; 10 cents per copy.
Natc--~UntiI further notice, distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Orders payable to Benn! SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago. 111.. U, S. A.
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, 111., U.S.A.
TABLET FROM 
0 thou Star of the West! HE IS 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long. thou
shalt become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper
of the Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are
limited. thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object 01' the
attention of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the
Covenant, in the future thy subscribers will become hosts after host like unto waves of the sea; thy
volume will increase, thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and
become world-wide--and at last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these
depend upon firmness, firmness, firmness! (Signed) ABDUDBAHA 
"'777 1 7 W7 7 is
Vol. II Chicago, (October 16, 1911) Elm No. 12
Circumstances beyond our control have delayed the making of the plates
for our Persian section, and We send this issue forth Without it.
 
Extracts from a recent letter Written by Mr. Charles Mason Rcmey:
D. 0., Sept. 21, 1911.
To the Bahaz' Friends,-
Last night I arrived in Washington from my recent vis-it to Abclul-Balsa, having
been away from the city but seventeen days. On the 19th of August a. cablegram was
received from Abdul-Ba-ha, then in Mars-e:illes, France, consisting of but the one word:
"Come." This was followed a day or two later by another, sent from Switzerland,
saying, "Await letter." The letter, or Tablet, came some days later and contained the
following words: am today leaving Egypt for Europe. I am very anxious to meet
you. Without fail, upon receipt of this Tablet, lie-ave Am-erica for Europe."
On September 3rd, a few days after receiving this Tablet, I left Washington, sail-
ing the s.-ame day from New York for Liverpool, who-re I landed five days later. An-
ticipating meeting Abdul-Baha. on the Lake of Geneva. in Switzerland, where he had
been spending some days, I planned to stop only a few hours in London, long enough
to see one or two of the believers. You can imagine my joy upon reaching London
to find that my journey was at its end, for Abdul-Baha. was there!
It has been some years since the Bahai te-aching was first given in London and
a. center established. Since that time much faithful work has been done by the
friends there, but it has only been comparative-ly recently that the Bahai Movement
ha-s attracted the general attention of L0ndon's spiritual thinkers. Undoubtedly one
great factor in this present state of affairs has been the recent Universal Races Con-
gress (held in London during this past summer) in which the Ba,h.a.is took a promi--
nent part. The members of this Congress were much intere-sted in the Bahai Cause
because of the inter-racial unders-ta_ndin-g and unity which it is bringing about. There-
fore, it i-8 not surprising that those Londoners having inter-racial matters at heart
should heartily welco-me>> A.bdul~Ba.ha. to their city.

