 STAR OF THE WEST
forfeited their lives willingly and p-arted with their possessions and sacrificed every
attachment joyfully. It is deserving for this re-ason, if for no other, your
closest attention.
Our contemporaneous history records three important events occurring almost
simultaneously. On the 23rd of May, 1844, in two parts of the world two different
religious people, having studied the prophecies of their respective bibles carefully,
came to the -conclusion that their Promised' One would ap-pear at that time.
The Millerites, as you know, in this country, clothed themse-lves in "ascensio-n
robes" and from the hilltops and housetops gazed heavenward, anticipating the
descent of the Christ from heaven. They were disappointed b-e-c=ause of their mis-
understanding concerning prophetic terminology. O-n that same date, however, God
fulfilled the h-0-pes of these expectant ones in His Eternal Way, in accordance with
the reality of prophecy; for in Persia there did app-e-ar the wondrous Herald, who
announced himself as the Bab, or Gate, to the promised Kingdom of God which was
to be established upon the earth in the "latter days." And, very significant, on the
24th of May, the very next day, in America the first telegraphic message was s-ent by
Professor hath God wrought!"
The Bab was only twenty-five. years of age when he arose to give the G1ad-Tid-
ings of "Him-whom-God-would-Manifest." He was the Prep-arer of the Way, and the
Precursor mentioned in all the prophecies; a John the Baptist, as it were, of this
great dispensation. He was a soul divinely intense and pure. The power of G-od's
Word in his eloquence attracted thousands of those who sought the Light. The lib-
erality manifested in his teaching -as compared' with the creed-bound and superstitious
orthodoxy of the time aroused the severest opp-osition and persecution, to the point
of his own death and the death of hundreds -of his followers. Although he Was al-
lowed to live and teach about six years, when he was, on the 9th of July, 1850',
martyred in the public square of the City of Tabriz, 'yet his Message had spread far
and wide, even beyond the confines of his own country.
His book, El-Beyan, or The Explanation, contained the vital prophecy for the
world that nine years after him the Promised One, or, as he expressed it "He-whom-
God-would-Manifest," would -appear and establish the Univers-al Religion. He even
mentioned His Name, to be or "The Glory -of God," though he had
never met Him. As prophecied by the Bab, revealed Himself at the
appointed time, laid the foundation for this world-embracing movement. The perse-
cution which befell all the Prophets attacked Him, the movement having spread so
rapidly through I-Iis dauntless announcement of the Word of God, so that people
were attracted in hosts; the clergy of Persia, hand in hand with the government,
exiled Him to Arabia. The story of this banishment and of those following it would
make a volume. Suffice it to say that His banishment from Persia to- Baghdad,
Arabia, thence to Constantinople and Adrianople, and lastly to Acca, the penal colony
of Turkey, was meant to exterminate His Movement, to extinguish the torch of
God's love with which He kindled the hearts of men.
T_.he remarkable, nay miraculous, thing happening every time He was exiled,
was a greater spread of His Word and a greater brilliancy of His Light. Moreover,
these banishments at the hands of the clergy and the government were aimed by
God to fulfill the foreshadowings of His Prophets; for many are the prophecies con-
tained in the Bible, the Koran, and the Zend Avesta, which were fulfilled by these
afflictions. The last place of exile, the little prison town o-f Acca-, in the Promised
Land, deserves special mention because of the many tidings concerning it as given
by Isaiah and Daniel; because from this prison se-nt forth H.is letters
to. the kings and there, in this "Most Great Prison" hundreds, nay thousands went
to see Him. Acca was renowned for its foul climate and pestilential environs. A

