STAR OF THE WEST 5
About sixty years ago His Highness through the Heav-
enly Power proclaimed the oneness of the Kingdom of man in that country
and addressing the concourse of humanity said: ye people! are all
the fruits of one tree and the leaves of one branch!"
About fifty years ago in the Book of Akdas, He commanded -the people
to establish the Universal Peace and summoned all the nations to the Divine
Banquet of International Arbitration so that the questions of boundaries, of
national honor and property, and of vital interests between nations might be
decided by an arbitral court of justice; and that no nation would dare to
refuse to abide by their decisions. If any quarrel arise between two nations it
must be adjudicated by this international court and be arbitrated and decided
upon like the judgment rendered by the judge between individuals. If
at any time any nation dares to break such a 'treaty all the other nations must
arise to put down this rebellion.
has clearly stated that this Universal Peace is the cause
of the tranquillity of the realm of creation. Now as the International Confer-
ence on Arbitration is organized in America and as this problem is a branch
which will ultimately bring about the unity of the world, therefore we remem-
ber you with the utmost respect, that praise be to God you have arisen to
perform such a universal service. God Willing, that Conference will progress
day by day and will bring about all-embracing results and 'will establish
reconciliation and universal love between the different nations, races and
peoples of this world.
I beg of you to accept the expressions of my highest consideration.
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, Aug. 22, 1911.
Through his honor Mirza Ahmad and Mirza l\/Ioneer, to the maid-servant of
God, Mrs. Ella Goodall Cooper.
Upon her be 
HE Is eon!
thou who art attracted to the Kingdom of Goct!
Thy detailed letter was received. Its perusal produced the utmost happi-
ness, for it evidenced the fact that thou hast attained to the knowledge of
the reality of tests; that tests endured in the path of God are conducive to
confirmation; nay, rather, they are heavenly powers and the bounties of the
Realm of Might. But to weak believers tests are trials and examination,
for, on account of the weakness of their faith and assurance they fall into
difficulties and vicissitudes.
However, to those souls who are firm and steadfast, tests are the greatest
favors. Consider thou that at the time of an examination in sciences and
arts, the dull and lazy pupil finds himself in calamity. But to the intelligent
and sagacious student examination in learning produces honor and infinite

