14 STAR OF THE WEST
COPY OF A LETTER ANSWERING AN INQUIRY AS TO WHAT IS
THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN THE METAPHYSICAL TEACHING
OF THE PRESENT DAY AND THAT OF THE
BAHAI REVELATION.
BY ELLEN V. Bnnorrnn.
Many of the teachers of the so-called New Thought school have laid down as their
first principle,--and as a fact,--that, as God's creatures, we possess in embryo not only
His attributes and His power to dominate our whole being as we will, but they assume
that "all is good," because all is a part of God.
Again, that as man holds and operates the creative life forces--which some designate
as 1ove--he is himself the of his being. Then, by reason of this fact and by
the use of will and intelligence, he may not only heal the body, and free it from disease
and deformity, but he may do all things, and bring all conditions to himself, by concen-
tration and affirmation.
Lastly, all of these attainments are by his own will and word, because man is an
integral part of God.
This is what we understand to be the foundation or fundamental precepts of the
so-called "Science," which has been elaborated and enlarged upon by its ardent fol-
lowers, until its beautiful word pictures have attracted a large part of the civilized
World to its fold.
"Well," you say, "the eifect of such teaching must be uplifting to the thinking
mind." Yes, it has been exceedingly comforting, and has enthused many souls who
were in darkness, and thrown light and joy upon their paths, and brought health to their
bodies as well. But let us see if the foundation stone in this structure is based upon the
Truth of God's Word, or upon a basis which cannot stand before His judgments in the
latter day, when the "wheat and the tares," which have grown side by side so long, shall
finally be separated, and the chaff be burned with the "fire" of God's Love; for "our
God is a consurring fire" of all theories and things of man's intellect alone.
We cannot find any revelation in any of the great and accepted religions from God
which states or tries to prove that man is an inherent part of Himself. That God 18
within all is true. were created by God. He breathed the breath of life in us, which
was spirit, and endowed us with the possibilities of attaining His attributes and eternal
life. All life has come from Him; but that did not constitute man any part of God's
Essence. Man was made in the image of God. An image is only a representation of
something which is; a picture of the mind, or an idea put in f0r1n--the likeness of an
object formed by reflection.
Man, therefore, is no more a part of his Creator than the watch is a part of the
watchmaker, or the shadow a reality of the thing which cast it. Man is not even in the
image of God 's Essence; for that cannot be expressed; he is simply in the image of God 's
Mam'festm5i0'n.
Before man was created, God thought a form by and through which He could make
Himself known to the world, and through which He could speak the Word; and then He
honored man by creating him in this beautiful Image of the Annointed Manifestations
of Himself.
It is true that the human spirit may come to recognize the power and work of the
Holy Spirit; and by its own development (by grace) come into at-one-ment with the Mind
or Will of God, and so attain great wisdom, and even perfection; but on his own plane,-

