10 STAR OF THE WEST
The practical institutions of the Mashrak-el-Azkar afford the opportunity
for the establishment in the World of all branches of those progressive works
for which the Bahai Cause stands. In this day the religion is to be the direct
source of inspiration in all secular affairs. This faith stands as the promoter of
advancement in every line of human activity and development, and, therefore,
every branch of these many activities draws its life from and is an integral
part of the Mashrak-el-Azkar.
In the Bahai teaching one finds exhortations to prayer and worship upo11 the
one hand, and exhortation to work and service to humanity upon the other.
"Faith without deeds is not acceptable," therefore, the Bahai religious work
includes all work and service needful to man. This Faith stands for material
and social progress in all branches. This idea is brought out in the Mashral;-
el-Azkar.
The Mashral?--el-Azkar is symbolic of the Manifestation of God. The central
building, or place of Worship, may be compared to the heart or the innermost
point of illumination, while the surrounding institutions may be compared to
the fruit of (or service and good works performed by) the Manifestation.
Within the place of worship the people will find their inspiration, while through
the surrounding institutions they will manifest this inspiration to the World
through loving service to humanity.
Not long since, in the city of Echkabad, i11 Russian Turkistan, such a
Mashrak-el-Azkar was built. This work represented the combined efforts of the
Bahais throughout the Orient. Its architectural beauty and size testifies to the
loving offerings of those believers, while the idea for which it stands is so far
above the trend of thought of the surrounding' people as not to be comprehended
by them.
In this service of the Mashrak-el-Azkar, as well as in many others, the Bahais
are laying the foundation for the betterment of many human evils, of the ex-
istence of which the world is now not aware. The people of the future will see and
understand the far-sightedness of the Bahais of this day in their effort to
bring all secular affairs under the spiritual guidance.
The Bahais of the West are following in the steps of their Oriental.
brethren. In the cityof Chicago, a movement has been started for the erection
there of the first Mashrak-el-Azkar in the Occident. Already a considerable
building site has been purchased overlooking Lake Michigan, and it is hoped
that soon the building will_be begun. Offerings for this Work have been sent
from Bahais in all parts of the world.
The Mashrak-el-Azkar represents the sum total of all of the Bahai activities.
Abdul-Baha has repeatedly written to the believers in America that of all works
the building of the Mashrak-el-Azkar is the most important. When it stands
accomplished it will be as a haven of rest to those who seek spiritual communion
with God within its sacred precincts; while outwardly it will bea banner mani-
festing and demonstrating to the world what the Bahai Oause is.
Charles Mason Re/may.

