STAR OF THE WEST 15
enjoyment and profit. Perhaps the principal item of news is the sojourn of Ghodsia
Khanum, our dear little sister from Persia, who spent about ten days in our city while en
route to Chicago. Words fail to describe our impressions of this charming visitor, as
those who will be fortunate enough to meet her will realize. Each day was spent with the
friends, and the evenings in meetings, and the little time given to sight-seeing was evidently
begrudged by this severed soul, whose joy is centered in the affairs of the Cause,
Mr. Albert H. Hall was with us for two days, addressing the Wednesday evening
meeting, and leaving directly thereafter for New York, from which point he sailed June 17th
for London and Egypt. Later: in the same week came the delightful influx of friends, who
were in attendance upon the Annual Conference of the Persian-American Educational
Society. Among these were Mrs. Luella Kirchner, of Chicago; Miss Edma Bellora. of
Syria and New York, some-time governess in the Holy Household; Messrs. William Hoar,
Hooper Harris, Howard MacNutt, Edward and Howard Struven; Mrs. Hoar, Miss Lillian
Kappes, who is preparing to go to Teheren, and Mirza Sinora Rafiie, of Persia and New
York. At the meeting of Friday, June 16th, all these friends were present and delivered
short addresses, making a rare symposium, at which we heartily wish all the believers in
America might have been present. The following Sunday morning and afternoon meetings
were made joyful occasions by those of the friends mentioned, who remained over, and on
Wednesday, June 21st, Mr. and Mrs. Hoar addressed the colored believers, graphically
describing their experiences While in Akka.
We have been conducting a special series of Sunday afternoon meetings at the Studio,
choosing special subjects and announcing them through the medium of slips mailed to those
on our address list, and also as an experiment by notices in the local newspapers. Several
strangers have been attracted to each of these meetings, and the plan will be followed in
our future Work.
Mrs. Wellesca Pollock Allen ("Aseyeh") has purchased from Miss McNeal the studio
at which our meetings are held, and it is now in Bahai hands, which ensures the perpetuity
of our lease, with exceptional advantages, giving us truly a "Bahai Home" for our
meeting-place. Mrs. Allen has entertained several of the visiting friends at her home,
the Bahai Hospice, 804 street, S. VV.
Mr. Louis G. Gregory returned from Egypt during the early part of June, and has
shared with us in part the Wonderful treasures of Heavenly Wisclom obtained from his
contact with Abdul--Baha. He has delivered several public lectures since his return, and
will be more of a power than ever for the Cause, in his great and abundant field of
opportunity. Mr. Gregory accompanied Ghodsia Khanum from London to New York.
He visited, en route from Egypt, the assemblies at Stuttgart, Paris and London, and
gives interesting and inspiring reports of progress in the work everywhere.
Several days were most pleasantly spent in Washington by Mr. William P. Ripley,
who, with his family, was en route from Florida to the summer home in Massachusetts,
where they will sojourn for a while.
The Unity Feast, in which the colored believers joined, was given recently at the home
of Mr. and Mrs. Andrew Dyer, and was well attended. The meetings at this hospitable
home continue to show growth. On a recent occasion three clergymen were present, and all
of them were profoundly impressed.
Lectures on the subject of the Bahai Revelation have been given during the past
season at the Oriental University, in this city, by Messrs. F. J. Woodward, E. C. Getsinger,
Arnauld Belmont and E. H. Young.
The work in Sumerduck, Va., was re-established in April, it having become necessary to
discontinue the meetings for the midwinter months on account of the condition of the roads
making it impracticable to reach that point, which is seven miles from the railroad. During
the spring, Miss Knobloch, Mrs. Hannen and the writer have alternated and the accustomed
interest is being manifested oseph H. Hannen.

