4 STAR OF THE WEST
spiritualizing them that they will shun crimes and evil deeds without any
fear (however) of punishment, prevention or retaliation. Nay, they will
consider crimes themselves as the greatest punishment and mightiest retri-
bution, will be attracted to the virtues of the human world and devotedly
spend their lives in that which is conducive to the enlightenment of man-
kind and to spreading qualities acceptable in the Threshold of the Almighty.
Consequently, consider what a difference and distinction is there between
the material civilization and the Divine civilization! The natural civilization
prevents men from doing harm and wrong through force and punishment
and thus withholds them from committing crimes. But the Divine civiliza-
tion so trains men that the human individuals avoid sins without having any
fear from (material) punishment; and the very sin itself becomes unto them
as the severest punishment. And they will engage in acquiring human
virtues, gaining that by which mankind will be uplifted and that which will
enlighten the human world with the utmost zeal and fervor.
Thou Creator! Bring the American friends nigh unto the Kingdom
of ABHA and suffer their deeds and actions to be in conformity with the
Commandments and' Exhortations written in the Tablets. Make them firm
in Thy Love and steadfast in Thy Cause. Attract them unto the Bahai
Beauty and cause them to attain infinite warmth and fervor. Bestow upon
them a firm footing and give them a heavenly power in order that they may
engage in Thy service and spread the Signs of the Kingdom.
Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty! Thou art the Compassionate, the
Gracious, the Seer!
Upon thee be 
Convey, on my behalf, the most wonderful ABHA, greeting to his honor,
Mr. MacNutt and Mrs. MacNutt.
Upon thee be Baha-el-ABHA!
(Signed) ABBAS.
EXTRACT FROM RECENT TABLET TO THE FRIENDS IN KI-IQRASSAN,
PERSIA.
The news of the attraction of the hearts of the believers of God ignited the candle
of happiness and created spiritual joy. Abdul-Baha traveled to the land of Joseph of
Canaan and became well known in the servitude of the Holy Threshold. Although the
attack of the sects and the false rumors and statements in the newspapers are intense,
yet it is my hope that this journey may become fruitful and the Voice and Summons of
the Cause of God may move these regions; some seeds may be sown and watered. and be
assisted by the downpour of the rain of the Mercy of the Almighty. Assuredly they
will grow and become green and verdant.
Praise be to God! that through the Bounty and Favor of the Most Great Name-
May my life be a sacrifice to His believers !--the Voice of the Cause of God is raised
in all countries and the Fame and Melody of the Word of God is spread in every region.
In these days the Cause of God is progressing and advancing in America, and in Asia
there is the clamor of Turk and Tajik. The Bahais have founded an English news-
paper in the capital of japan, which is edited and circulated by his honor, the learned
Professor Barakatullah, of India. Some of the American believers are expecting to
make a. trip to China and Manchuria so that they may raise the Voice of the Kingdom
in those parts, and in Europe and Asia the Trumpet -of the Supreme Concourse is heard.
God be praised! Notwithstanding this divine, Majestic Cause, the promotion of the
Word of God and the diffusion of the Fragrances of God, a few impotent ones, who are
less than the flies, desire to break the Covenant and violate the Testament. How fruitless
and weak is their endeavor! The screech of the owl is discordant before the Melody of
the Kingdom and the cawing of the crow is drowned before the harmony of the

