STAR OF THE WEST 5
heavenly subjects, he becomes saintly; if, on the other hand, his thought does
not soar above things of this world, he is little better than an animal.
Thought is of two kinds:
Thought that belongs entirely t.o the world of thought.
Thought that results in action.
The thoughts of our Lord Jesus Christ belonged to a high spiritual world,
but he also brought them into the world of action.
Some men and wo-men have exalted thoughts, but if they do not realize
them in the world of action, they are useless. The power of thought is de-
pendent on manifestation in the world of action.
Nevertheless in the wo-rld of progress and evolution thought has an ef-
fect, even if it is not always expressed in action. To this class of thought the
majority of philosophers give their thoughts are above their
actions, to-0 high for them to live up to themselves. The difference between
philosophers and spiritual teachers is this: Spiritual teachers follow their own
teaching, b-ring down into the world of action their spiritual conceptions and
ideals, wherea.s mere philosophers do not. We often find philosophers empha-
size the importance of Justice, while in their private lives they are most un-
just (Alexander and Aristotle). This state is impossible with spiritual teach-
ers. No man ca.n separate himself from his t1houg"l1~t.
 
In order to bring about a state of peace and unity three things are neces-
sary:
To know. To have the intention. To put into practice.
Unity is good. To know this is not sufficient. You must to pro-
mote it, you must work for it. Knowledge is a good thing, but it is only the
first step. If knowledge is alone it is stationary. These meetings teach us that
Unity is good, and that suppression (slavery under the yoke of traditions and
prejudices) is the cause of disunion. To know this is not enough. All knowl-
edge is good, but it can bear no fruit b-ut by action. It is well to know that
riches are good, but that knowledge will not make a man rich; he must work,
he must put his knowledge into practice. We hope the people will realize and
know that Unity is good, a.nd we also hope that they will not be content to
stand still in that knowledge. Do not only say that Unity, Love and Brother-
hood are good; you must work for their realization.
The Czar of Russia promoted The Hague Peace Conference and proposed
the decrease in armament for all nations. In this Conference it was proved
that Peace was beneficial to all countries, and war destroyed trade, etc. The
Czar made a very good speech, though after it was over he, himself, was the
first to declare war (against Japan).
Knowledge is not enough. We hope by the Love of God we shall put it
into practice. A spiritual universal force is needed for this. Meetings are
good for engendering spiritual force. To know that to reach a state of per-

