STAR OF THE 7
if it has not been done already, for although the city is large and there are hundreds of
Bahais here and I have seen many, I know there are a great many I have not seen.
We attended a meeting of women in the Jewish quarter. They have been made up
mostly of inquirers. At this last one Faeze Khanum was the teacher and I took with me
an English woman who knows some Persian (not a Bahai), or, rather, she went with
Dr. Moody and me. Her surprise at the depth of the questions asked and the ready,
satisfactory answers was very great, and there are a great many Jewish women Bahais, as
well as many men, and if one wants to be convinced of a very practical side of the
Revelation, they should see the improvement in the way of living here. It is more ap-
parent here than anywhere.
Witli Bahai greetings, yours in the Great Cause,
(Signed) SARAH A. CLoc1<..
THE MASHRAK-EL-AZKAR IN AMERICA.
To the frrienids of AbduZ_Baha'_ NQW 21, 
During our recent visit of six weeks with Abdul--Baha, in Ramleh, Egypt, the words
of Jesus to His ye love Me, keep My commands." . . . "He that hath
My Commandments and keepeth them, he it is that loveth Me"--were forcibly brought
to our minds, by the following incident:
One day, the Editor of an American Journal, in an interview with Abdul-Baha asked,
"Have you many followers in America?" Abdul-Baha replied, have a few friends in
different cities who love Me." It is needless to say that those words, together with what
was said to us afterwards by Abdul-Baha scorched our very souls, and caused us to halt
and put the question squarely to ourselves, "Are we _Abdul--Baha's friends? Have we
obeyed implicitly His Commands?"
When we left New York last January for Egypt, we carried with us many sup~
plications and earnest entreaties from sincere and loving souls, begging us to ask Abdul-
Baha for a final Word as to his wish in connection with the saying,
that many demands were being made upon them for money to support other enterprises
which were represented as of equal importance as the Mashrak-el-Azkar; that they
were in a state of perplexity and uncertainty as to their duty in this important matter.
Abdul-Baha said, "When you return to America, call together those sincere souls
who have asked this question and say: The most important thing in this day is the
speedy erection of this Edifice (the Mashrak-el-Azkar). Its mystery is great and can-
not be unveiled just yet. In the future it will be made plain. I want everyone left tree
to act as he wills. If anyone wishes to put money into other things, let him do so. Do
not interfere with him in any way. But be assured, the most thing at this time
is the building of the ashrak-el-Azkar."
Fraternally yours, PERCY F. Wooncocrc.
P. Tablet recently received by Mr. Mountfort Mills contains the following:
"Announce on my behalf my warmest greetings to Mr. Howell, and say, The 
Azkar of Chicago is of the greatest importance. This is a Bahai Temple, a supreme
House of Worship, a place of spiritual gathering and of the manifestation of Divine
Mysteries. 'The friends of God must endeavor with all their hearts and souls that this
structure may be raised and completed."
Our Persian section this issue contains: Copies of recent Tablets to the STAR
OF THE (2) copy of latest Tablet to the American Assemblies, reiterating the con-
ditions requisite for Abdul--Baha's coming to America. B.--This Tablet will be incor-
porated in the Convention Report to be printed in the English section of issue
No. (3) sending of petition to Abdul-Baha, signed by hundreds of the friends,
supplicating him to visit America; (4) outline of the purposes of the First Universal
Races Congress to be held in London, Eng, in July, at which noteworthy gathering a
paper from the pen of Abdul-Baha, especially written for the occasion, is to be read;
(5) short synopsis of the work of the Second International Congress of Mothers recently
held in Washington, D. C., and suggestion to the Persian women to organize mothers'
clubs; (6) quotation from an article by a Mohammedan Mullah, advocating toleration of
all religions in Persia; (7) description of the port of Bandare Jaz, Persia, and the
of one of the beloved friends in a nearby town; (8) photograph of the Bahais
in Bandare Jaz; (9) editorial on the true greatness of a nation; (10) opening of the
Third Bahai Convention in Chicago for the consideration of matters pertaining to the
Mashrak-el-Azkar; (11) donation of $10,000,000 to the Cause of Universal Peace and
$25,000,000 to the Carnegie Institute of VVasl1ington, D. C., by Mr. Andrew Carnegie.

