STAR or TH WEST
Vol. II Chicago (February 7, 1912) Mull: No. 18
AN ADDRESS ON TRUTH.
Delivered by Abdul-Baha on November 24, 1911, at the home of Mademoiselle
Gastea, Paris, France.
All the divine prophets are the Manifestations of Truth. His Highness
Moses declared the Truth. His Highness The Christ spread the Truth. His
Highness Mohamm-ed established the Truth. All the elect of God proclaimed
the Truth. His Highness unfurled the ensign of Truth. All
the sanctified souls who have stepped into the arena of existence have been the
lamps of Truth.
Truth is the oneness of the kingdom of humanity. Truth is love among
the children of men. Truth is the proclamation of Justice. Truth is divine
guidance. Truth is the virtues and perfections of the human world. Truth is
equality between the people of all countries. Truth is the illumination of the
realm of man.
All the prophets of God have been the heralds of Truth. All have been
united and agreed on this principle. Every prophet predicted the coming
of a successor and every successor acknowledged the Truth of the predecessor.
Moses prophesied the coming of Christ. Christ acknowledged Moses. His
Highness Christ foretold the appearance of Mohammed, and Mohammed ac-
cepted The Christ and Moses. When all these divine prophets We-re united with
each other, why should we disagree? We are the followers of those holy souls.
In the same manner that the prophets loved each other, we should follow their
example, for we are all the servants of God and the Bounties of the Almighty
are encircling every one.
God is in peace with all His children, why should we be engaged in war'?
God is kind to every one, why should we oppress each other'? The foundation
of divine religion is Love, Affinity and Concord. Praise God, that this cycle
is the period of illumination! Minds have made great progress; intelligences
have been unfolded; the means of unity and agreement are being brought about
and communication between the races of men is rapidly being established. Now
is the time that all of us may embrace the law of peace and treat each other
with honesty and straightforwardness. Let the religious prejudices be wiped
away. Let the law of racial supremacy be disco-untenanced. Let political
exp-ediencies be done away with. Let the love of country be superceded by the
love oi' the world. Let us all deal with each other with infinite kindness. We
are all the servants at the one Divine Threshold. We are all receiving the rays
of truth from the same Sun of Reality. We must all believe in all the
prophets. We must all acknowledge the divine authority of all the heavenly

