STAR OF THE WEST 9
WITH ABDUL-BAI-IA IN SWITZERLAND.
LETTER FROM MISS JULIET THOMPSON.
Dear Friends: Miss Buikema has asked me to write you, through the STAR
or THE Wnsr, an account of my recent visit to Abdul-Baha; and it is a joy indeed
to share this with you--~as well as I can; for, though when one leaves Abdul-Baha
after such a visit, one's greatest longing is to share the divine experience with
all otl1ers,~to make as real as possible such an experience to those who have not
had this blessing, and to recall it to those who such deep things make
one mute. I feel I can only speak stumblingly 0-f that which I saw. Therefore, I
beg you, beforehand, to forgive the 'inadequacy of this letter.
My great experience last summer in London at the Universal Races Congress,
where I saw all the nations of the world represented by each nation's noble
thinkers, assembled in the name of the human unity in their endeavor to find. the
way to that unity, was a very wonderful prelude and preparation to my meeting
with Abadul-Baha in Eu-rope.
To witness such a great and universal e11deavor,--t0 see men from the utter-
most parts o-f the earth--of every color and creed--meet thus fraternally, was in-
deed a proof of the power of the Spirit in the world proof that as -our
sister Miss Buckton said in her inspired ode (with which, as you know, the Con-
gress opened):
The Voice that cried: Let there be Light!
Hath rent the veil of a darker night:
Let there be Love!
Significant indeed is the fact that immediately after that gathering together of
the world's truest thinkers in a meeting which was like a great plea to humanity,
the Spiritual whose lite has been a long sacrifice for the sake of the
begin his world-journey.
Never before has the Spiritual Educator himself come to the West--that is to
say, never in any past this is the day of universal spiritual
knowledge and of universal love--the day of maturity and b-rotherhood.
It was on the Lake of spot of ethereal I saw him,
during those few days of rest before he proceeded to London to his world-work.
They were quiet days, full of parable and symbol, which are just unfolding
to me. The story of them is a beautiful and simple one,--so simple that it is
difficult to tell, for its great beauty lies in the tender personal touches, and that
which my spirit to communicate.
If I could only picture to you Abdul-Baha in the West; Abdul-Baha with the
power of his peace in the restless West; Ab-dul-Baha in the complex West with
the power of his simplicity; Abdul-Baha with his noble and illumined beauty in
the artificial and skeptical West;_so strongly defined in his completeness against
our undevelopment!
And that illumined beauty--that dignity, not of this world--that majesty of
spirit that marks him a king among men, never went unheeded; for wherever he
passed, eyes turned to follow, and the crowds, with involuntary reverence, stood
back.
M. and Madame Dreyfus-Barney and I staid at the hotel with Abdul-Baha, at
Thonon, a great white hotel overlooking the lake, two mountains meeting in a bean-
tiful line behind it.
Our dear friend and teacher, Mirza Assad Ullah was with him and five other
Persian brothers. Mirza Baghar Khan from the south-of Russia, M. Dabud, now of
London, two others whose names I am sorry I cannot give you, Tammadon-ul-Molk,

