4 STAR OF THE WEST
Baha spoke from the pulpit for about nine minutes and the tense thrill
vibrating throughout the whole building was most strongly marked. He spoke
in Persian, in full, vibrant tones and the whole congregation was held spell-
bound. For the first time probably, in the history of the Bahai Movement,
its venerable leader addressed a great public gathering, and those of us who
were privileged to attend can never forget the wonderful impression produced.
It seemed to us as if a new page in histo-ry was being turned over and as if
a new religious and spiritual epoch was being outwardly launched upon an
expectant world before our very eyes.
Abdul-Baha clo-sed his address with a short but most impressive blessing,
a translation of his words, previously sanctioned by him, was read and created
widespread interest. Mr. Campbell then expressed his deep appreciation of
the great honor and privilege that had been bestowed upon his church by
the presence of Abdul-Baha and in a few carefully chosen words spoke of the
Bahai Faith as one of the most remarkable Movements of this or any age.
The service then closed with the singing of the doxology and a short praye-r.
In the Vestry Abdul-Baha expressed keen delight at the reverent and prayer-
ful attitude of the congregation and h-is visit will most certainly bring great
blessing to the City Temple and the many activities that centre around it.
Prob-ably Abdul-Baha will remain in England for another ten days and
will then cross to Paris before returning to the Near East for the winter
months. His presence among us is a profound blessing and its unifying
spiritual effect will grow uneeasingly. The power of the Spirit of Unity,
when strongly and insistently developed will attract him to America at some
future date. No other power will bring him among you. The believers in
England are fully conscious of their own shortcomings and had it not been
for the wonderful work of the Universal Races Congress, Abdul-Baha would
hardly have visited London this year. However, the great power and privi-
lege of his presence have been given to us and in return we would wish to
do everything we can to be of service to the Bahais in America and through-
out the world. It is to be hoped that some representative of the Bahai Move-
ment in London will be able to visit the States at no very distant date, in order
to help forward the work there and to describe the wonderful and spiritual
effect of Abdul-Baha's presence in London.
Abdul-Baha, Servant of God! No other title would be so appropriate or
so dignified. The work no-w being so triumphantly brought to fruition by
this great Master of Men will -endure throughout all future ages and the
great spiritual ideals that lie behind it will become actual realities, possibly
within the boundaries of the present century! Surely we require no greater
inspiration than this! W. T. P.
TOWARDS SPIRITUAL UNITY.
(conrmurn mom PAGE TWO)
spent forty years Within th-e fortifications. Three years. ago-, on the pro-cl-amation 0=f
the Turkish constitution, he became free. During his long he thought
not of himself, but oif others; he enjoyed communion with God, he minis-
tered to the needs of his fellow-pris.one-rs, and it was because he lived this unselfish
life that he survived while many others perished. captive for the cause of God,"
his interpreter explained, "his prison was to him as a palace. His body was suffer-
ing, but his soul w-as free."
The invariable tendency on the part of the fo-llowers of a great religious leader
is to attrib-ute to him s-up-ernormal powers. Abdul Baha emphat'ica.1ly disclaims pos-
sessing any such, and even deprecates the description of himself as a prop-het. He
told me he had never spoken a single Word implying that he had right to such an

