6 STAR OF THE WEST
more than one copy for distribution among their friends. All subscriptions to be
mailed to the Treasurer of the Persian-American Educational Society, 1800 Bel-
mont Boad, Washington, D. C.
The first bulletin will contain a history of the Society, as well as a pen-
picture of its first conference by an eye-witness. The second issue will contain
the address of the President of the Society on "What We Cwe to Persia"--a
scholarly paper that every one will be greatly interested in reading.
It will be of interest to all to know that Abdul-Baha heads the list of donors
to the expenses of the Conference with the sum of $50.00. The total donations
amounted to $S99.64i, while the expenses of the Conference amount to $448.16,
showing a deficit of $48.52. We feel assured this deficit will be met 
with the same generous spirit that has'characterized the noble supporters of this
Conference.
A 11st of the Conference Committees, the newly elected officers, a11d a copy
of the Resolutions, follows:
COMMITTEES.
Program O0/m/mittee: Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, Chairman, Joseph H. Hannen, Arnauld
Belmont. Resolutions Committee: Hooper Harris, Chairman, Mr. Howard MacNutt, Mr.
E. C. Getsinger. Reception Committee: Mrs. Marian C. Hotchkiss, Chairman, Mrs. Howard
S. Reeside, Mrs. William C. Beck, Mrs. Leonard H. Wilder, Miss Edith Grosvenor, Mrs. J.
A. De Langel, Miss Elizabeth Hopper, Miss Helen Hotclikiss, Miss Frances Herne, Miss
Margaret Green. Hall Comm/ittee.' Arnauld Belmont, Chairman, Howard Struven, Mrs. E.
C. Dunlop,  J. Woodward, Miss Hebe Moore, Miss Mary Little. Music Arthur
D. Mayo, Chairma.n, Mrs. Walter Gawler, Mrs. Wm. T. Reed, R. P. Backing, Miss Marion
McFall, Miss Lillian Koeckling. Press Committee: Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, Joseph H. Han-
nen, Edwin C. Reed, Elizabeth C. Dunlop, Mrs. Young-Withee.
THE OFFICERS.
Mirza Ali Kuli Khan, Charge _d'Affairs of Persia, Honorary President; William H.
Hoar, of New York City, President; Howard S. Beeside, of Washington, First Vice-Presi-
dent; Benjamin F. Trueblood, of Washington, Second Vice-President; Professor Herrmann
Schoenfeld, of Washington, Third Vice-President; Mrs. Agnes Parsons, of Washington,
Fourth Vice-President; Hooper Harris, of New York City, Fifth Vice-President; Mirza
Ahmad Sohrab, of Washington, Treasurer; Mrs. E. C. Dunlop, of Washington, Assistant
Treasurer; Mr. Joseph H. Hannen, of Washington, Secretary; Professor Arnauld Belmont,
of Washington, Assistant Secretary; Mrs. Marian C. Hotchkiss, of Washington, Librarian;
Miss Margaret Green, of Washington, Assistant Librarian; Henry C. Finkelstein, of Wash-
ington, General Counsel.
RESOLUTIONS.
Whereas, The sentiment of the age favors the establishment of closer bonds of friend-
ship between the different members of the human family for their mutual advantage and
in the interest of universal progress; therefore, be it
Resolved, That this Society holds itself in readiness to co-operate with every organization
and movement tending to create friendlier relations between the people of the Orient and
the Occident.
Whereas, The settlement of international differences by means other than war is rapidly
coming to be recognized as a principle of modern civilization; therefore, be it
Resolved, That this Conference endorses the action of President Taft and Sir Edward
Grey in endeavoring to establish a treaty between the United States and Great Br'itain pro-
viding for unlimited arbitration.

