STAR OF THE WEST
Vol. ll Chicago (March 2, 1912) Ola No. 19
AIMS AND AMBITIONS OF BAHAIS.
Spoken by Abclul-Baha in Paris, ooember 6th, 1911.
I. Pity and good-will towards all mankind.
II. The rendering of service to humanity.
To guide and enlighten hearts.
IV. Each member must try to be kind to- everyone and to show forth great
affection towards every living soul.
V. Humility towards God and constant prayer to Him so as to be enabled
to grow daily "Near-er God."
VI. Always in every word and action to be faithful and sincere, so that each
member may be known to the world as embodying the qualities of Sin-
cerity, Faith, Kindness, Love, Generosity and Bravery. That we may
be detached from all that is not God, attracted by the Heavenly Breath,
divine beings--~so that the world may kno-W that a Bahai is a perfect
being.
__-vilielie
SOME TEAOHINGS OF ABDULJBAHA ABBAS.
From Discourses given in London and Pm-'is.
These are wonderful days! We see an Eastern guest received with love
and courtesy in the West. I have been drawnzhere, in spite of my ill health,
by the magnet of your love and sympathy.
Some years ago an ambassador was sent from Persia to- London where he
stayed five years. (His name was Abdul Hassan Khan.) VVhen he returned
to Persia they asked him to tell them about the English people. He answered:
do not know the English people. Although I have been in London five
years, I have only met the people of the Court." This man was a great man in
Persia, and sent to England by princes, and yet he did not know the people,
although he live-d among them five years. No-w I, a prisoner, come to Eng-
land for the first time, and although my visit is so short, I have already met
many dear friends and I can say I know the people. Those I have met are
true souls working for peace and unity- Think of this subject: l/Vhat a difier-
ence the-re is between this time we are living in no-w, and seventy years ago!
Think of the progress! the progress toward unity and peace!
It is God's will that the differences between nations should disappear.
Those who help the Cause of Unity on, are doing God's work. Unity is the
Divine Bounty of this brilliant century. Praise be to God, there are many
societies and many meetings held for Unity. Hatred is not so much the cause

