12 STAR OF THE WEST
This confirmation will descend upon the people of America if they will
all arise and endeavor with great courage to establish union and harmony,
so that every trace of difference may be uprooted and they may all become
as one heart and one soul.
Convey the wonderful ABI-IA greeting to all the friends and the maid-
servants of the Merciful.
Upon thee be Baha Baha-el-ABHA!
(Signed) ABBAS.
Translated by Mirza Ahmad Solirab, March 4, 1911.

NEWS FROM THE OCCIDEN T.
Continued from page 9.
PHILADELPHIA, Assembly has
no especial news items to send for the
first issue of the "Star of the ex-
cept that we have two meetings every
week, at the homes of the on
Thursdays and Sundays. 
Jessie E. Revell.
SAN FRANCISCO, _to the_ joy
and satisfaction of the Bahais in Califor-
nia, the San Francisco Assembly has _been
established. The San Francisco friends
met in january to organize and Dr. F. W.
D'Evelyn was elected Chairman, Mr.
Charles R. Lee was appointed Secretary
and Treasurer, Mrs. Cordie C. Cline, Cor-
responding Secretary and Mrs. Emma C.
Blum, Librarian. Forty-six members were
enrolled. This was a good number for
the beginning of an Assembly. The first
regular meeting was held in the new room,
Friday, February 24th, with twenty-four
believers present. 'Great interest is al-
ready shown and two meetings a week are
held. Committees will be appointed from
time to time as the work progresses. The
San Francisco and_the Oakland _Assem-
blies have already hands in good
fellowship and love.
Helen S. Goodall.
SEATTLE, addition to the
regular Sunday meeting held at 2916 Bea-
con avenue, South, which is more particu-
larly for worship and praise in this Glad
Day, another gathering is held on Tues-
day at the office of Dr. Lathrop, 213 Peo-
ples' Bank Building, which is for the pur-
pose of study.
Mrs. Emma H. Harmon, a Bahai sis-
ter from North Bend, Oregon, has been
with us for some weeks,'and Miss Lydia
Rainey, from North Yakima, a few days,
resulting in a stronger bond of unity and
desire for more consecrated service. Mr.
Grant, who has been quite active in giying
the Message, is now located in Olympia, a
few hours' ride from Seattle.
A gratifying feature of the Assembly is
that many are keeping the fast. A very
great degree of harmony prevails and the
unity which 1S the result of the love of God
is becoming manifest. Ida A. Finch.
WASHINGTON, D. C.--Since our last re-
port, the aiifairs of the As-
sembly have been marked by continued
activity along all lines, and there are many
evidences of growth. The meetings are
well attended and much interest is shown
by the audiences. The system of rotation
in Chairmanships, under which every mem-
ber of the Assembly who is willing to
serve, is selected in alphabetical order, to
arrange the Friday meetings, is develop-
ing new speakers and leaders, while the
plan of Unity Feasts, several of the believ-
ers being' chosen for each, following the
same alphabetical arrangement, enables all
to participate actively in the work of the
Cause.
On the first day of 1911, the Message
was given at a meeting -of the "Secular
League," Washingto-n's open Forum, and
was well received by the large number
present. In February, Mr. R. C. Wilhelm
spent several days in Washington, address-
ing a largely-attended meeting directed by
our colored friends.
Mr. W. P. Ripley, who so ably served
as Chairman of our Working Committee
for a considerable period, and later as
Vice--Chairman, has, with his family, gone
to Orlando, Florida, for a prolonged so-
journ. At the February meeting of the
Working Committee, the vacancy caused
by this absence was filled by the election
of Mr. Louis G. Gregory as a member.
Miss M. C. Hudd, of Chicago, is a wel-
come addition to the ranks of the Wash-
ington friends.
On February 28th, a concert was given
at the McNea1 studio, under the direction
of Professor Arthur D. Mayo, for the
Mashrak-El-Azkar Fund. The following
well-known musicians participated: Mrs.
Walter A. Gawler, Mrs. William T. Reed,
Mr. Richard P. Backing, Mr. I. Walter
Humphrey, Mr. Edwin L. Borchardt and
Professor Mayo. Over $40 was realized
from this concert.

