16 STAR OF THE WEST
TABLETS FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
(CONTINUED FROM PAGE SEVEN)
ture, philosophy, crafts and trades made wonderful progress during the medi-
eval ages in Andalusia. and Bagdad.
Now is it po-ssible that such a.n illustrious Personage be afflicted with
epilepsy? 
Relative to the Paradise explained by Mohammed in the Koran, such
utterances are spiritual and are cast into the mould of words and figures of
speech, for at that time people did not possess the capacity of comprehending
spiritual significances. It is similar to that reference to His Highness Christ
who, addressing His disciples said, shall not partake of the fruit of the
vine any more until I reach the Kingdom of My Father." Now it is evident
His Highness Christ did not mean material grapes, but it was a spiritual con-
dition and a heavenly state which He interpreted as this fruit.
Now whatever is revealed in the Koran has the same import.
Regarding the Most Great Name, its influence, both in physical and spir-
itual affairs, is indisputable and certain.
In the last Tablet (to the Board of Council of New York), in which I
have stated, am not Christ and am not eternal," the meaning is this,
that I am not Christ and not the Eternal Lord! But I am Abdul-Baha.
This is its real purport. Undoubtedly those souls who are under the shadow
of the Blessed Cause, believing and assured, firm and steadfast, and living
in accord with the Divine exho-rtations and advices, all of them are confirmed
in the Everlasting Life.
Regarding the materializing of spirits through mediums: A person find-
ing himself in a state of trance, or unconsciousness, is like one who sleeps;
whatever he feels and sees he imagines to be matter and of material things,
but Pin reality they are wholly immaterial.   
thou maid-servant of God! Arouse ye the people and make them cheer-
ful through the glad-tidings of God, and quicken them through the spirit of
gladness and heavenly rejoicing. The essence and foundation of all is to
advance toward the Kingdom of ABHA and to be attracted by the Beauty of
God. Whatever produces any influence in the world of existence is on ac-
count of the Love of God, which is the Spirit of Life and the cause of salva-
tion.
Convey on behalf of Abdul-Baha wonderful ABHA greetings to the believ-
ers and the maid-servants of the Merciful.
Upon thee be Baha-el-ABHA! (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, Sept. 29, 1908.
PORTRAITS OF ABDUL-BAHA for framing, printed from the plate used
in the last issue of the STAR OF THE WEST, on heavy plate paper, size 9x12 in.
--25 cents per copy, postpaid. Send postoflice money order, made payable to
BAHAI News SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, 111., U. S. A.

