12 STAR OF THE WEST
I have made a study of the Bahai Movement, and would like to add a few words of
personal testimony regarding what I have seen among the Bahais in many parts of the
world.
in Persia, where' this movement had its birth, I found that the Bahais had not' only
overcome the hatred and antipathy which has for centuries existed between Christian, Jew,
Zoroastrian and Moslem, but through the uniting spirit of their teaching this previously
existing enmity had be'en replaced by a most binding fraternal spirit. In the Bahai As-
semblies all differences of the past had been superseded by the strongest of ties. In that
country these people have suffered much because of the fanaticism of the surrounding
people. Thousands of their members have in the recent past been massacred, while in the
present they are under n'1'a'ny difliculties. As recent as 1901 over one hundred and seventy
Bahais were massacred in one town by the Moslems.
In Southern Russia and in Turkistan I have visited Assemblies of Bahais. In these
territories the movement is protected by the Russian Government, for it is understood
that the' Bahais stand for Peace and are in no way connected with the many revolutionary
movements' which continually keep those countries in a state of unrest.
In Egypt and Syria, as well as Turkey, I have met groups of Bahais working along
progressive lines, but in those countries,' as well as in Persia, the outward progress of the
work is not as great as the unseen progress. This is due" to the prejudice and persecution
of the Moslems, which often leads to bloodshed.
In India the principal center of the Bahais is in Bombay. There I found many
Parsees or Zoroastrians taking part in the work. In Calcutta, Baroda, Allahabad, Agra,
Lahore, Poona and other cities there are assemblies, and in these meetings Christians, Hindus
and Moslems mingle as brothers.
In Burma there is a large Buddhist element amongst the Bahais. Last year I spent
some. time traveling in that country, and was most hospitably received by the Bahais in
several towns and cities. In Japan I found the\Bahai teaching to be attracting some at-
tention and in China, too, the movement to have a beginning. Here in these United
States, as well as in Great Britain and Europe, I have visited many assemblies and found
the work progressing among people of all classes and of varying religious thought. Being
essentially a spiritual movement this teaching appeals alike to the enlightened and to the
uncultured as it does to people of various religions, races and nationalities.
Not-withstanding the previous attitude of the religionist, which is usually antagonistic
to beliefs other than hisown, the moment he becomes imbued with the spirit of the Bahais
he no longer limits his interest to the mental confines to which he has been accustomed.
He becomes a citizen of the world, freed from national, religious and racial prejudices.
This is noticeable in the Occidental Bahai, while in the Oriental Bahai it is many times
more so, because of the surrounding background of ignorance, superstition and fanaticism
against which he stands out emancipated in bold relief.
One who has lived in the Orient and known the Orientalpeople will at once recognize
the importance of the religious factor in bringing about Universal Peace. It is tho
religious differences between the Oriental and Occidental which have created the great
chasm between Eastern and Western thought, manners and customs. There being no
religious thought in common between the East and there is no ground upon which'
their respective peoples can meet, hence the necessity for a common religion which only
can solve the problem. The Bahai Movenient is working directly to bring about confidence,
understanding and unity between the Oriental and the Occidental peoples. 
like all world movers, was far ahead. of his time. A Universal religion, International
Arbitration, Peace, a Universal Language, Universal Sufirage, in fact, a Universal Civiliza-
tion, with all of its universal institutions, was unthouglit of by the world when he, over
half a century ago, first announced these principles. Now the world in general is awaking
to the necessity for those very institutions to which thousands of Bahais have borne witness
by persecution and 

