STAR OF THE WEST 9
something" about the wonderful progress they are making, but as I know more about the
ladies, I like to tell you about them.
Persia has been very sick, and she could not be cured by any means; but in recent
or six years was awakened and she is now ready for progress. You
wonder why I say this, but it is because Persia has had its constitution only three years,
While some other countries have had it for a longer period.
I am proud of the Persian women, for they have done many great things in -this
short period. We had no girls' schools in Persia, except the missionary schools and the
Catholic schools, but the Persian women never went to the schools until five years ago.
Then they began to open schools for themselves. The Mohammedan clergy would not let
them go to school; they did not know even anything about their religion because they did
not have any education, Several years ago some of the men had education. After the
constitution they began to open schools, and especially in the city of Teheran, from which
I have come. It is very hard in Persia to get able teachers, but Persian girls are making
great progress i11 spite of this difficulty. The girls in America are educated, but I have this
great news to tell you are very afiectionate to the Persians--that the Persian girls
are making great progress. One girl in a school knows three languages already. All this
seems wonderful to me because they are not accustomed to education, but they now go to
school and do such good work that it seems wonderful. The women did everything they
could to get the constitution, and especially they wanted the constitution to have educa-
tion. So now they are making great progress. I am not a sample of the Persian girls, but I
can tell you they are advancing very rapidly.
My object in speaking especially of the education of the girls is because, in my
opinion, the education of the girls is the most important thing, for they are the mothers
of the children and therefore should be educated to teach their children. If they are not
educated, how can their children be different from So they are trying to get freedom.
and with freedom, education. As the American friends are helping them, I hope they will
get both. When I was leaving Persia all the friends came to me and told me to give their
greeting to the Americans. I am very fond of telling the good news, but I am sorry that
I cannot talk and so I beg your pardon for my poor English. I came to America that I
may be educated in your great country and go back and help my sisters in Persia.
THE MASHRAK-EL-AZKAR.
(Literally, "The dawning-place of the Mentions of God".)
The Bahais do not have churches or temples for religious rites and
ceremonies, such as have characterized the spiritual activities of former religions.
Eventually, in every Bahai Center there will be a building (temple) set apart for
the Lord's use. Grouped about this as the center, will be various institutions for
the benefit of man, such as hospitals, homes, hospices, colleges a11d other
philanthropic enterprises. All of these buildings together will constitute the
Mashrak-el-Azkar.
The central building, or temple proper, will be a ni11e-sided structure sur-
mounted by a dome, and surrounded by gardens. (The number 9 is symbolic
of the Spirit of God Manifest.) It is a sanctuary for the reading or chanting
of the "Holy Words," for meditation and for prayer, a place of universal
worship open to all, in which people of all races and religions can worship
God individually in spirit and in truth, without the intermediary of church,
priest or ritual.

