STAR OF THE WEST 15
But now the Breeze of God is no longer felt in the West. Its power is stilled,
while in the East it is again forceful, fragrant, alive. Once more the West must
receive the Breeze of God fro-m the East. It cannot be stayed or hindered, it
will blow from the East to the West; but it will be most beautiful if you will be
the avenue through which it comes. If you are not that avenue, 11; W111 Seek
another channel, but blessed will be your privilege if through you it wins its way
into the hearts of the West, rousing into fragrant life all the spiritual bloom and
richness of that great country, and bringing new life to the world.
I will pray that it may be so.

NOTES FRO-M PARIS.
On Sunday, October 29th, a dinner, followed by a meeting, was given to Abdul-
Baha at the home of Madame Gabriel Sacy. It was a French reunion and
Abdul-Baha seemed pleased of the fact. On entering he took the photograph of
Monsieur Gabriel Sacy, kissed it and said: "This home is as my own."
Among his words during the dinner were these:
am from a far away country and here in Paris, at your table, I find in union,
love and happiness, Persians, Arabs, Turks and French, which proves that we are of
one race -and that all men are brothers. The God of Persia is the God of France, of
Turkey, of Italy, etc. He is One and the same, so in loving Him we are united. Paris
is the universal center of culture and learning, of science and the arts. She must
also be the center -of spirituality. There are all sorts of fruits; some can only ripen
in a cold climate; others need the Warmth and others yet the tropical.-sun. So it is
with Paris. The grea.test efforts are necessary that she may blossom and bear fruit."
About sixty people came to the meeting after dinner. Abdul-Baha spoke for
nearly an hour, interpreted into French by Mirza Azizollah Kh-an. Every one was im-
pressed with his beautiful personality and his words -of love, demanding of all to
unite their efforts in asking of God the unity of mankind, universal peace and love.
"We must not fear difficulties and labor. They lead us to the noblest end. We
must resist the whole world, for the world wants War; unite our efforts and with
divine love we will succeed."
Abdul-Baha gave his first public conference in Paris, as guest of the "Alliance
Spiritualiste," -on November 9th. This Society, which has for its aim the encourage-
ment and development of spirituality, constitutes a neutral and impersona.l territory
of study for all creeds and schools of spiritual th-ought. There, could not have been
a more appropriate setting for the exposition of the principles of the Revelation of
The "Salle de l'Athenee Saint-Germain" was crowded to the doors by
an interested and attentive public. Mme. J. Beauchamps, the President of the So-
ciety, opened the meeting -and in a few sincere words welcomed Abdul-Baha in the
name of the "Alliance Spiritu-aliste." A short address was delivered by Monsieur
Le Leu, General Secretary, who dwelt upon the beauties of the Bahai Revelation,
the most purely spiritual movement of all times, and upon the role it was to play in
the future. Finally Abdul-Baha arose and in the profound silence began to expose
the principles of the Bahai Revelation with a language colored and imaginative and
touchingly human. He spoke at length and with impressiveclearness and repeated
several times his contentment at finding himself in the midst of so large a gather-
ing, whose unity of sentiment and spirituality were forcibly apparent. He finished
by chanting a prayer for all those present. The reunion W-as terminated by an
admirable appreciation of the Bahai Revelation, on the part of Monsieur Jounet,
and on leaving the hall one felt that the afternoon had been a complete success.
Madame d'A'n.ge d'Astre.

