4 STAR OF THE WEST
sign of difference and separation. Some of the tablets of con-
cerning this matter are translated in America. Seek, perchance you may find
them, then you shall" realize what a permanent structure has
raised in this world of existence, the result of which Will be the oneness of
all humanity. Likewise, innumerable tablets have been written with the pen
of this longing one. Ask for them, too; perhaps you may find their transla-
tions in America.
To be brief, as His Highness in this period of man has
planted a fruitful tree in the garden of the oneness of the human race, and
as your honor is engaged in reality to irrigate this garden, therefore I found
it necessary to express my gratitude and happiness to you, so that your good
name may be spread not only in Persia but throughout all Oriental coun-
tries and the people of the East may remember your name With great respect.
I hope that the principles of international peace and universal reconciliation
may be established firmly among the individual members of humanity and its
fragrance may be spread throughout all the regions.
I beg of you to accept the expressions of my highest consideration.
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, August 9, 1911.

Through Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, to his honor Mr. C. C. Philips, the Secretary
of the Mohonk Conference on International Arbitration.
HE Is 
thou perfect man!
The Conference on International Arbitration and Peace is the greatest
results of this great age. This brilliant century has no likeness and simili--
tude in the history of man. From every standpoint it is distinguished above
all other centuries. It is specialized with such excellencies that the shining
star of the heavenly confirmations shall gleam from the horizon of this cen-
tury upon all the future cycles and periods. One of the most extraordinary
events of this time, which indeed is a miracle-, is the founding of the oneness
of this realm of humanity and its essential branches, such as Universal Peace
and the unity of the different nations, in this arena of existence.
Persia was at one time the center of religious difference, antagonism
and oppression, to such an extent that pen is unable to describe. The ad-
herents of different nations and religions considered it their religious duty
to shed the blood of their opponents; they pillaged and ransacked each others
property and did not fall short of oppressing their own flesh and blood.
The hatred between the various religions attained to such a height that they
considered each other unclean. Should a Jew enter a Mohammedan home,
he Would be made to sit upon the ground; if he drank Water from a cup, that
cup was destroyed or washed again and again; for the Jew was considered
unclean. Such was the hatred and rancor among the different religions and
nations in Persia.

