STAR OF THE WEST 9
TO THE AMERICAN 
It was on the 7th of D-ecember that I left Abdul-Baha in Marseilles. My
last request of him was to- assist and confirm all the American Bahais in the
accomplishment of great services. He said; "The American friends will be
assisted and helped." For a moment he wa.s silent. Th-en he raised his head
and continued, saying: "All those who have unselfish inotives, whose hearts
are devoid of any personal interests, Will be assisted in this Cause. They will
be confirmed by the heavenly cohorts--rest thou assured."
Abdul-Baha was very much pleased with the result of his work in London
and Paris. While leaving Europe physically, his spiritual presence will be the
cause of great benediction for countless ages to come. During my stay in
Paris, having been permitted to live in the same apartment with him, I daily
witnessed the ma.rvelous power o-f his love and active interest in all those who
are concerned in the uplifting of the human race. His great power in impart~
ing happiness to all those who are depressed or are passing through a period of
trials and tests, cannot be measured by human criterion. This. one power alone
distinguishes him above all men, for, notwithstanding the complexity of prob~
lems that he must solve daily and the thousand and one details that he must
attend to for them, yet he is always beaming and imparting happiness to all
those Who come in touch With him.
We are looking forward with great anticipation to his visit to America,
which will be some time in the early part of the spring. It is now the oppor-
tune time for all the friends in America to arise with one purpose and with
one aim to prepare the way in a. practical manner.
The Persian-American Educational Society has taken definite steps for
the arrangenient of his visit to America and will deem it a pleasure and
a privilege to assist the friends all over the country with practical sug-
gestions. His presence in America will be one of the most significant
events of the twentieth century and the -effect of his words will be far reach-
ing. He does not come to visit any sect or religion or nationality, but he
comes to meet ninety million Americans whose open mindedness for truth and
whose open heartedness for the highest ideals of life are well known all over
the world. In Abdul-Baha we will see a representation of divine virtues and
human perfections. He will come to us with the noblest thoughts of peace and
brotherhood which have been for ages in the Orient. He will rep-
resent to us the longings and the hopes of many million Bahais in the East.
May we all be ready to stand firm in his presence. May we all be assisted to
accomplish our duties. May we all be inspired to prepare the way for him.
The time is short, the opportunities are many and it lies in our power to take
part in this great spiritual work. The standard of truth will be raised, the
signs of the Kingdom of ABHA will be spread, the wintry season of dogmas
and superstitions will be changed into the balmy spring time, the highway of
righteousness will be paved and men of all races and nations wili wall: therein,

