8 STAR OF THE WEST
work is planned for the ensuing year. As many will be leaving town, the Teas Will .be
discontinued during July and August. Louise R. Waite, Cor. Se0'y.
DENVER, joy has resulted to the Denver Assembly through the recent
visits of Mrs. Corinne True and Mr. Thornton Chase. Through their loving service much
has been accomplished, and many souls have been stirred by the tidings of the New Day.
We are filled with grateful appreciation for their presence and service among us, and hope
that the future will bring them to us many times. G. N. Clark.
SPOKANE, the curtain has lifted and one of our number has entered
the Supreme Assembly. After many months of weary though patient suffering the spirit
of our dear sister, Mrs. Cora I. Lehmann, has departed to the Kingdom of ABHA. She
had long looked forward to making the pilgrimage to Abdul-Baha in the Holy City, Acca,
and entering the Presence there, but now, unfettered with the physical and unhindered by
material conditions, she has gone. "Hold her right arm, God, and dwell continually
with her" till she enters the Glorious Kingdom and her spirit is gladdened with the
Presence of her Lord. "Our sister was of a kindly nature, of strong sympathies; a firm
believer and an energetic servant. She loved this life and the opportunities it ofiered for
service in the Glorious Cause. She leaves behind her a husband, L. A. Lehmann, and a son,
Chester Lehmann; they will miss the sweet association in their daily lives, but they, too,
have learned to say, "Thy will, Lord, be done!" Sister Lehmann passed out from this
liferon Sunday morning, May 7, 1911. M. Lesley 0'Keefe.
A letter from the Hawaiian Islands informs us that Madame Aurelia Bethleu passed
through Honolulu May 9th, on her way to the Orient. She addressed the assembled friends
in the afternoon, and when they accompanied her to the steamer at 6:00 p. m. the same
day, the light that shone in her face testified to the truth of her statement that she was
the happiest woman on the ship.
THE OF THE ADDS TO ITS STAFF.
DR. ZIA MABSUT BAGDADI.
It gives us pleasure to welcome to the
A editorial stafi of the STAR or TI-IE WEST, Dr.
i Zia Mabsut Bagdadi ("Zia Eifendi"), the
youngest son of the late M. Moustafa Bagdadi.
Dr. Bagdadi received his early education in the
Orient at the Arabian Literature school, Turk-
ish Government school and the American school.
His childhood was blessed by seeing and being
with the Blessed Perfection, and
in every year of his youth he visited the Centre
of the Covenant, Abdul-Baha-. He came to
America in September, 1909, to complete a
course in medicine, graduating from the Chicago
College of Medicine and Surgery in May of
this year. He intends to practice in America
and be. engaged in serving the Cause of
BAHA 'o We are confident that the STAR
OF THE WEST has, in him, an able and Willing
. ssociate.

