STAR OF THE WEST 9
All friends in this Cause of God, who earnestly and sincerely seek, and
will co-operate to promote a spiritual unity, concord and peace on earth, and
to draw all men to the worship, in Spirit and in Truth, of the One God and
Father of us all, are invited, without limitation or distinction, to unite with us
in this universal object and occasion.
The established Bahai Assemblies in each city or local municipality of
North America are, under our organization, entitled to, and are hereby notified
to elect one representative and alternate, and the Bahai Assemblies in the
Cities of New York (B-orough of Manhattan), Chicago and Washington, will
elect two representatives and alternates each, to serve for the term of one year.
These representatives will constitute the delegates and representatives who
will exercise the power of the Unity at this Annual Meeting, and will there
elect its Officers and Executive Board of nine members, and constitute the
working body of the Unity for the en-suing year.
In conjunction with this Unity of Representatives, the conference and
co-operation of all friends everywhere, in the objects here stated, and service to
the One and universal Cause of God, are welcome-.
The several Bahai Assemblies are urged to hold their election of repre-
sentatives early and to report their election and also to advise, after
canvass of their several localities, the number of friends who may be expected
to attend this memorable meeting, that adequate preparation may be made
for assembly and lodging accommodations. Address Bernard M. acobsen,
Secretary, 5338 Kenmore Avenue, Chicago, Ill.
Communications should be received on or before April 12, 1912.
Announcements will be sent to the several Assemblies and will appear in
the columns of THE STAR or THE Wnsr, advising representatives and visiting
friends of the details of place, time and program of the several sessions of the
meeting.
Executive Board Bahai Temple Unity,
Bernard M. acobsen, Secretary. Albert H. Hall, President.
ANNOUNCEMENT:
The main plot of land, 610x700 feet, upon which the Temple of the Mash-
rak-el-Azkar group is to stand, cost $34,500, and interest at 6 "per cent. The
splendid efforts the friends have put forth have caused this interest to be paid
to date, and $24,500 to be paid upon the principal. There now remains the
mortgage of $10,000. If this could be paid before the expected arrival of
Abdul-Baha at the next convention to be held in Chicago, April 27th-May
2nd (inclusive), we would better show that we have really anticipated his
arrival, and perhaps he himself might lay the corner stone.
We believe there are several thousand Bahais in the United States. If
two thousand were to send five dollars each by April 1st, this mortgage could
be wh-olly wiped out and the way prepared for actual building operations. It

