6 STAR OF THE WEST
Ere long all these apparent things, manifes-t treasuries, wealth,
valiant soldiers, beautiful dresses and haughty souls, will be enclosed in the
box-like tomb, similar to the which contained all the players, and all this
quarrel, strife and so-called honors are like the play of the children before the
people of insight. Be ye admonished, and be not of those who see the Truth
and yet deny. These things will not affect this Youth and thefriends of the
True One, for they are all prisoners and enchained, and will not nor will ever
make any request of people like thee.
The point is this, that thou mayest raise thy head from the bed of negli-
gence and become mindful and not oppose the servants of God without reason.
Bear in mind that so far as power and strength remain in the body, thou
shouldst remove persecutions from the oppressed ones. Shouldst thou have a
little justice and behold with the of certainty in the affairs and differences
of the ephemeral world, thou shalt acknowledge that all of them are like unto
the above-mentioned play. Hearken unto the word of Truth! Be thou not
proud on account of the world. Where are those people who were like unto
thee, who claimed divinity in this earth without the permission of God, and
desired to extinguish the Light of God a.nd to demolish the foundation of
Truth? Dost thou see any one of them? Be just! Then turn to God,
perchance He may forgive the sins thou hast committed in this ephemeral life.
Yet we know that thou shalt not become assisted in this, for through thy
tyranny the Fire of Sinai flamed forth, the Spirit wept, and the hearts of the
angels bled.
O, ye people of the earth! Hearken to the voice of this Oppressed One
with the ear of the soul, and ponder ye deeply over the above-mentioned story.
Perchance ye may not be burned with the fire of passion and desire, and be
not prevented from the meeting of the True One, through the worthless things
of the faithless world. Glory and abasement, poverty and wealth, trouble and
tranquillity, all shall pass away, and ere long all the inhabitants of the earth
shall return to the tomb. Therefore every possessor of insight must behold
the immortal outlook, that peradventure, through the Bounties of the Eternal
Sovereign, he may enter into- the everlasting Kingdom and rest under the
shade of the Tree of Command. Although the world is the place .of treachery
and duplicity, yet under all circumstances it reminds all the people with the
idea of change. The passing of the father is an admonition for the son, and
it reminds him that he, too, must pass away. It would have been well if the
people of the World who are amassing great fortunes and are deprived of.the
True One, knew what would become of their great wealth. By the Life of
Baha', no one is cognizant of this fact except God, Glorified is His Station!
The philosopher, Avicena--peace be upon him--says: "Be admonished,
ye whose hearts are darkened, be ye admonished ye, whose faces are
covered with the lines of age However, the majority of the pe'ople are
asleep. The example of those souls is like unto a person who was so intox-
icated with wine that he was showing the signs of affection to a dog, and show-
ering upon him tender words of' love and affection. When the morning of
intelligence dawned, and the horizons of the heaven were illumined with the
brilliant orb, he beheld that his beloved was only a dog; when ashamed, re-
gretful and remorseful on account of his act, he returned to his home. i
Do thou not think that thou hast made this Youth powerless, or that thou
hast conquered him. Thou art defeated by one of the servants, but knowest
it not. The worst and lowest of creatures ruled over thee, and that is, thy
passion and desire, which has been condemned forever. If it were not on
account of the consummate Wisdom of God thou wouldst have seen thy

