STAR OF THE '7
The following contributions have been received up to this time for the initial ex-
penses of the Orient-Occideiit Unity:
Mlle. Odette M. d'Astre, Paris, France . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
 . . . . . . . . . . .
4.14
Mrs. Elizabeth Nourse, Atlantic City4.00
Mr. Thornton Chase, Los Angeles4.00
Mrs. Agnes Parsons50.00
Mrs. I. D. Bosch, Geyserville4.00
Mrs. L. J. Young-Withee, Washington2.00
Another friend has promised a contribution of $50.00. It is earnestly hoped that
enough contributions will be received to organize this Universal Association with dignity
and simplicity, yet effectively, as it will be realized that much depends upon first impres-
sions, and the nature of the foundation will determine the possible massiveness and
lasting qualities of the edifice.
It is in compliance with the wishes of Abdul-Baha that we present these facts to
the friends, for he says: "The friends of God must encourage each other to be firm
and steadfast, to reason and consult with each other, so that day by day this Society may
progress." Again he says: "The believers of God must give great importance to this
Society and arise to perform its fundamental principles and essential duties with heart
and the future it will become the Association of the union of the realm
of men, it will thoroughly combine and harmonize the East and the West and accom-
plish a great service to humanity." "This Society must be so organized and in the
course of time its policies so well defined, that since the beginning of the world until
now, no such Association has ever been founded. This must become the first Society
embracing such aims and objects."
Joseph H. Harman, Secretary.
NEWS FROM THE OCCIDENT.
GERMANY.
success to the
Star of the West. We hope this will be
the first universal publication of the
world; therefore, we suggest a few pages
be added in German and French, then in
Russian, Spanish, Danish, etc., adding a
language every year until a uii-iversal lan-
guage becomes _manifest and accepted.
Should you do this, we believe hundreds
of souls will arise with willingness to as-
sist you from all corners of the earth.
A Baliai Home has been established in
Stuttgart since the beginning of January.
It contains six rooms. Large meetings are
held every other day, and we are ready
to hold meetings or answer questions every
evening. Our largest room is already too
small to hold the increased attendance.
There are also small meetings in other
parts of the city. 
Edwin Fisher.
HAWAII.
regular weekly spirit-
ual is held Fridays, 2 p. at
the home of Mrs. Augur. 
During the month of January, evening
meetings were held at the homes of the
believers.
From our Japanese students here, has
come the call for_ translations of Bahai
literature into their language. This we
feel is very important.
We have had the pleasure of meeting
Miss Lane and extending to her some of
our Island hospitalityjapan. In response to Abdul-
Baha's wishes for teachers to travel to
the Orient, we sincerely hope that this as-
sembly may be indeed a half way station
where spiritual refreshment may be found.
A very delightful afternoon was re-
cently spent by el-even of the friends, in a
visit to the tubercular and non-tubercular
patients of Leah_i Home. The home is sit-
uated in a locality noted for the purity of
the air and commands an unsurpassed view
of both harbor and mountains. We went
in company with the Hawaiian Band, whose
selections were thoroughly enjoyed. All
the visitors carried either homemade cook-
ies, candy or flowers, and were received
most heartily.
E. L. T. R.
UNITED STATES.
BOSTON, the recent visit
to Boston of Miss Alice Mary Buckton,
of London, England, the Bahai teachings
were presented to hundreds of eager lis-
teners. God's blessings have been mani-
fest on every hand and in His power alone
will be the "increase" to the seeds thus
sown.
A question that Abdul-Baha asked Miss
Buckton during her stay in Acca is one
that might well be asked of every Bahai.
He said: "Do you not say in the West

