.6 STAR OF THE WEST
THE WORK IN CALIFORNIA.
"The future of California, whether in regardto its material afiairs or
spiritual afiairs, is very important. It is my hope that the people of Cali-
fornia may become the sons and daughters of the Kingdom and be the means
of promoting the religion of God.
"Regarding the Exposition of 1915 which will be inaugurated in San
Francisco in America: From now' undoubtedly the Bahais must arrange and
prepare ways and means so that a great number of them may be present on
that occasion.' '--Aba'ul-Baha.
Every believer is becoming more active and here in California things
Bahai are booming, Dr. Fareed and Mrs. Getsinger gave the Message to
5,000" people south, and here, wonderful openings are being made. The
Knights Templar entertained Dr. Fareed two evenings. At the first all-wore
their regalia and Dr. Fareed wore his Persian robes. The second meeting
was more informal. Dr. Fareed spoke of the disturbed conditions and men-
tioned a remedy. At the second he spoke of the Bahai Movement. He and
Mrs. Getsinger spoke at the Unitarian Church in Alameda last Sunday.
Mrs. Getsinger also spoke before the Jewish Women 's Council, consisting
of 600 members, and their friends.
Our Oakland meetings. are. being held regularly and two meetings a week
are held in the Bahai room here.
Mr. -Mack, who enthusiastically received The Message on the battleship
"California," has called to see us several times and brought enquiring friends.
He holds Bahai meetings in his cabin Tuesday evenings. Some of his friends
were 'transferred to other ships, wl1ere- they will undoubtedly spread the
Message. S_aturday, the 14th, was a gala day here. President Taft turned the
first spade of soil for the Panama Exposition site. San Francisco is waking up
spiritually andmaterially. Helen S. Goodall.
"Assuredlg ye will achieve a Conquest in 
Since last March Dr. Ameen U. Fareed and Mrs. Lua M. Getsinger have
been in California in obedience to the instructions of Abdul-Baha, dissemi-
nating the tidings of the coming of the Manifestation. They have- spoken
in various cities surrounding San Francisco Francisco, Oakland,
Berkeley, Alameda, and farther north on the Pacific Coast at Geyserville.
In Southern California their work was begun in the extreme south of the
state, in San Diego and the nearby towns of La olla and Point Loma. From
San Francisco, distant six hundred miles to the-north, came three Bahais to
accompany Mrs. Getsinger and Dr. Fareed to San Diego, a city without any
known believers. There, among strangers, the work commenced. Soon some
prominent citizens became attracted to the teachings, thus leading to meet<
ings in private houses, before one or two men 's clubs, and in a public hall.

