STAR or THE WEST 15
divine love and devotion, spiritual attraction and merciful sentiments; and
be benevolent and a comfort to both friends and strangers.
It is mentioned in the Gospel that a man called His Holiness, Christ,
"Good Master." His Holiness said unto him, "Why callest thou Me good?
None is good save One, that is God." So Abdul-Baha wishes a sin covering
and conceals the people 's faults as far as possible; for he considers him-
self incapable and deficient in the Servitude of the Lord-. Therefore, being
enga.ged in his own short-comings, he does not ca-re about the sins of others,
but always asks remission and forgiveness for them, and seeks bounty and
grace in their behalf.
If a fault is committed by someone a.nd I treat him with kindness, this
is not on account of my negligence; but as I acknowledge my own short-comings
and am cognizant of my own state, I do not show any opposition to others.
It is recorded in the Gospel that an adulteress was brought to the pres-
ence of Jesus Christ and confessed her sin. Those present asked Him why
He did not command her to be stoned. He said, he who does not deserve a
legal punishment, that is to say, "he that is without sin," may get up and
stone the adulteress. All of them looking upon themselves found themselves
sinful, and "went out one by one."
Now it is this condition which must always be had under consideration,
otherwise the matter will be difficult. It is said in the Koran, "Hadst thou
been severe and hard-hearted, they had surely separated themselves from
about Thee." But the people must be just. If, notwithstanding their injus-
tice, they receive favors, this will make them mindful and admonished. As
to my short-comings in case of other persons who are firm, devoted and stead-
fast: I always acknowledge and confess my weakness and my failure and the
beloved of God will certainly excuse. When a letter is received from them,
I have done my best possible to send them an answer. Moreover writing let-
ters has nothing to do with that pure, spiritual and divine love. Many
persons in the blessed days (vi. 0., in the time of the Blessed Perfection)
were recipients of favors and had numerous long Tablets, but in this day
wavered in such a manner that they did not hearken to or obey the divine
commandments, and overlooked even the command-s revealed in their own
Tablets. Yet there are some other souls who have in this clay not'been ad-
dressed in the Day of the Blessed Perfection. This is from the Bounty of
God; He grants to whomsoever He willeth. God is the possessor of Great
Bounty.
The essential thing and the real nearness to God, is to be steadfast in
the Religion of God, to serve His Cause and to be in Servitude at the
Threshold of Unity. This is necessary.
Upon thee be greeting and praise! (Sigvzed) ABBAS.
Translated by Dr. Zia. M. Bagdadi, September 23, 1911..

