STAR or THE WEST
lg/01. II Chicago (September 27, 1911) Masheyat N0. 11
[Special to the STAR or TI-IE WEs'r.]
ABDUL-BAI-IA IN LONDON.
Abdul-Baha duly arrived in London on September 4=th, and his visit to
this country has been notified and commented upon in all the great London
dailies. The great majority of articles that have appeared are both restrained
and dignified in tone and there has been a Welcome absence of sens-ationalism
in the descriptions of Abdul-Baha's appearance and in the accounts of his
life and work. Everywhere wonder is expressed that 40 years of imprison-
ment and suffering should have been so heroically borne and should have left
so few physical traces of the terrible and lifelong strain that has fallen to his
1-ot. Abdul-Baha was tired by the long journey but found his London quarters
both comfortable and convenient. The rush and roar of the great metropolis
have greatly interested him but at all time-s he gives one the impression of
living a greater and fuller life, which takes little account of temporary ma-
terial surroundings, recognizing instead the all-pervading power of the One
Spirit pulsating throughout the whole universe.
Abdul-Baha receives all who come to him, whether great or small, pro-
viding they show a real interest in the Great Truths for which 
stood. Countless press correspondents have been received and they usually
retire from the interview greatly impressed by his noble dignity and spiritual
simplicity. Many of the London dailies refer to him as the great Persian
Prophet, but in The Observer (Sept. 10) and other papers, Abdul-Baha
expressly states that he simply claims t-o be the So-n of a Prophet and refers
all enquirers to the Teachings and inspired life -of his Father, 
Believers from the world over hav-e- gathered in London during the present
month and express keen gratification at the tremendous wave of interest now
being taken here in the Bahai Mess-age. Abdul-Baha has been visited by
many Well-known leaders of thought no-w in this country.
He rises about 5 a. m. and works for some hours at his correspondence.
Interviews commence soon a.fter 9 a. in. and 1as.t until midday. After lunch
he takes a sh-ort rest a.nd then usually drives out into the parks or to visit
various people who are deeply interested in his work. Gatherings of friends
take place nearly every evening and he has given some wonderful discourses
at such times. Many pilgrims have been deeply stirred and inspired by the
Teachings and advice they have received from him during his visit.
He is quite vigorous and looks both well and cheerful and is undoubtedly
impressed by the real depth of interest and feeling that are being shown
toward him in England. With very great reluctance and only as the result
of insisient pressure Abdul-Baha consented to be photographed and in a few
days a reproduction will probably find its way into the illustra.ted press
throughout the civilized world.
On Sun day evening, Sept. 10th, Abdul-Baha accepted an invitation from
Rev. R. J. Campbell to visit the City Temple. The visit was kept secret, but
the congregation was as usual very large, probably Well over 2,000. Abdul-

