1% STAR OF THE WEST
This is evident that, When the hearts are purified and through divine educa-
tion and heavenly teachings become the manifestors of infinite perfections, they
a.re like clear mirrors, and the Sun of Truth Will reflect with might, power and
omnipotence in such a mirror, and to such an extent that Whatever is brought
before it is illumined and ignited. This is a brief interpretation because of the
lack of time. Therefore, do thou reflect and ponder over it so that the doors of
significance may be opened before thine eyes.
In regard to the philosophy of the Theosophists, these people have borrowed
some remarks and statements from the heavenly books, but they have not at-
tained to the Reality. Notwithstanding this, they have made these appearances
the foundation of their faith and religion. However, the reality of the question of
Unity is thus 
The Sun of Truth hath shone forth from the Horizon of Unity upon all the
regions. All contigent things are clad With the garment of existence through the
rays of the sun. Were it not for the rays of the sun no being could step forth
upon the arena of life. Everything would have remained hidden, nay, r:-itlier,
the life of the terrestrial beings is continued through the light and heat of the
sun to such an extent that all the infinitestimal atoms, which move through this
realm of earth, owe their life to the reflection of the sun. Of course, each being
manifests its inward tendencies according to its ability and capacity. However,
no matter how much the sun reflects itself through all the contingent beings, yet
it never leaves its supreme height and exalted station. 1t (the Divine Sun) is not
divided among these beings, so that every being may become a pait and a por-
tion of Divinity.
Descent, division, transmission and transmigration in the stations of life
are the conditions of the contingent beings, but the Eternal Reality is Wholly
beyond and above these conditions for when you behold that a being is subject
to division, descent and disintegration, this is a proof of the contingency and
impermanency of that being. The Ancient, the Ever-living, and the Oinniscient
Lord, who is above the comprehension of humanity and is qualified with self-
existent perfections, will never descend to the stations of life, and Will not be
divided so that every man may become an atom or a part of Him. Children can
understand the untenability of this proposition. This is the pure imagination
of the Weak minds.
Therefore, according to>> their theory, the Manifestations of God are infinite
in number, and this would leave us to believe in the theory of the "Concatenation
of life" 5 but concatenation is false, and change is the essential condition of the
contingent realities, and not of the Eternal Reality. Ponder deeply over the
above explanation, so that it may become evident to thee that by Unity is meant
the outpouring of the Divine, which appears and manifests i11 the realities of all
-existence, and especially in the unity of man.
The story of the cock that you have Written is very appropriate. (This re-
fers to the play of Chanticleer, wherein the Cock supposed the sun to be caused

