STAR OF THE WEST
II Chicago (October 15, 1911) Elm No. 12
[Special to the STAR or THE 
ABDUL-BAHA IN LONDON.
On the following Abdul-Baha/s arrival in London, Mrs.
Thornburgh-Cropper gave an "At Home" to the believers and between fifty
and sixty were present to meet him. One of the friends, a Mrs. Drakonles,
who founded The Humanitarian League over twenty years ago, brought with
her a leaflet pertaining to th.e work of the League, which was handed to
Abdul-Baha. Upon learning that kindness was its purpose, he highly com-
mended her, and made it the theme of his discourse. He then said:
"You are all one family; you have grown out of one root. Each of
you is like a branch, a flower, a fruit. You must look on no one as a stran-
ger. You should try to show the greatest love to all men and to every crea-
ture. have come to you as to my own and sisters, sons
and daughters. My bond is with all mankind; so should yours be. Try to
follow the teachings of then each one will shine like a star.
Since the time of Adam. there has been no other teaching; until the end
of time there will be no other."
 
On Friday morning, the 8th of September, Abdul-Baha received a small
party of ear-nest spiritual souls, in Lady Blomfield"s drawing room; He
walked in smiling and said, "Good morning," in English, then taking a seat,
he enquired through the interpreter, Tammadon-ul-Molk, "How are you?
Are you all happy"! You are welcome."
I replied, "Yes, we are- all very well. We thank you. It is a great privi-
lege to meet you."
He said: have gourneyed by sea and land for the pleasure of seeing
you all. I needed a change, but my desire was to know you all. Praise be
to God, that I have seen the luminous faces and the heavenly hearts of the
friends in London. People are turning their faces toward God. They are
seeking the Divine Bounty. Therefore they will receive a heavenly blessing
which I pray may be bestowed upon all. May you love all and serve all,
because serving mankind is serving God. Everyone should be kind. Everyone
should strive for unity and endeavor to serve mankind. All nations should
become as one nation and each should serve all.
"Do not make personal distinctions. All are God's servants. All are
under His protection."

