STAR OF THE WEST 
Yecond ofa series of presentations of "The 
THE BAHAI MOVEMENT.
A TEACHING on PEACE.
Address made before the Third National Peace Congress, Baltimore, Maryland, U. S. A.,
Saturday, May 6th, 1911.
BY Mason REMEY.
"We desire but the good of the ivorlcl, and the happiness of the nations. 
That all nations should become one in faith, and all men as brothers; that the bonds of
afiection and unity between the sons of men. should be strengthened. These
fruitless strifes, these ruinous wars shall pass away and the Most Great Peace shall co-me.
Let not a man glory in this, that he loves his coimtry let him rather glory in
this, that he loves his of 
Over half a century ago, before the 'attention of Western thinkers had to any degree
been directed toward tl1e problem of Universal Peace,>> there was born in the Orient a move-
ment for peace and brotherhood, the call of which is now being heard in the Occident.
The Bahai Movement has for its object, not only international conciliation, as con-
sidered from the political and economic view points, but essentially the unification of the
people of all races and religions along spiritual lines.
Religious and racial hatred has been the chief cause of warfare. Through the removal
of these prejudices the followers of this Movement believe that Peace will be established
among nations. Through it thousands of Uhristians, Moslems, ows, Zoroastrians, Hin-
doos, and Buddhists, of every race and nationality, are being firmly united in the universal
brotherhood of man under the fatherhood of God.
In the month of May, 1844, there arose in Persia a teacher, calling himself The Bab,
who proclaimed himself to be the forerunner of 
who would shortly appear with spiritual Wisdom and power, through Whose teaching would
be established the "divine kingdom" of Peace upon earth. The ministry "of The Bab
lasted six years, and was followed by his as Well as the of thou-
sands of his followers, which was brought about by the Mohammedan clergy upon the
charge of heresy.
Shortly after the of The Bab, the promised 0'-no, Whose c'0m'in'g he had
foretold, appeared in the person of Under the most severe persecution
together with some of his followers, was exiled to Turkey in Asia, then to
Turkey in Europe, and later on, in 1868, was sent to the town of Akka, a penal colony
situated on the Mediterranean, just north of Mt. Carmel, in Syria. Here in Akka he
lived and taught until he passedout of this mortal World in the year 1892. He gave his
teachings and spiritual instructions, yet during his ministry his cause was not explained
and established in the world in general. To this end commanded his fol-
lowers upon his departure to turn their faces toward his son, Abdul-Baha, as their spiritual
guide, the explainer of his teachings, the one who would establish his cause in the World,
the one upon Whose shoulders his mantle would fall.
Abdul-Baha, also known as Abbas Effendi, from 1868 until 1908, because of his teach-
ing, was held a state prisoner in the town of Akka. At present he is in Egypt and there
is a possibility that he may visit this country of America. He makes but one claim for
himself, that of service in the Path of God. His name, Abdul-Baha Abbas, means "Abbas,
the servant of God." lie is the spiritual leader of the Bahais, and is their example to be
means, The Glory of God.

