4 STAR OF THE WEST
all mankind, who came out of his prison to remind men of the mighty lessons
God has spoken to lift us out of barb-arism and cruelty, from war to peace, and that
in this day we must follo-w even the letter of these heavenly lesso-ns.
S0 he spoke always of peace, always of conduct, giving to his own followers
definitions of their mission which were very positive, and must have sounded a
trifle strange to some who perhaps may have retained a sectarian bias, even
under the inspiration of this divinely dowered Prophet of Unity.
"You are a society banded together for the increase of friendship among nations
and races, and of brotherhood among men," he said one day, waving his hand
toward the circle before him, and ponstantly he adjured us to- realize the privilege
that was ours in being first to receive the "Breeze o-f God" which must always rise
in the East and blo-W towards the West, and which is now floating again from that
wonderful Orient into the faces of the expectant Occident.
It was exceedingly interesting to watch the faces of those who came each
morning to listen to Abdul-Baha and observe the gradual but evident change of
thought which to-ok place in them so that hard lines gave way before invading
gentleness and light "irradiated countenan-ces and eyes which previously had con-
sidered only mater'ia.l difficulties. I have not time to recall the countless instances
of this sort. They were, of course, always intensified by an interview with Abdul-
Baha himself. Sometimes people stayed with him three minutes, sometimes half
an hour, for there were many waiting to speak with him. The time of the inter-
view did not matter niuqh and I never shall forget a dear little friend 'who is
cashier of a big business house in Paris. She is devoutly unselfish, -and eager only
to do her utmost for every one. She had a three-minute interview. As she
entered, Abdul-Baha advanced toward her with his hands outstretched.
"Ah, you are afiame! You are alive!" he cried. "How happy I am when people
come to me who are alive not dead!"
Then he t-ook her hands and said to her just the tender and inspiring words
she needed, assuring her that God would always guide her. -She was only in his
room three minutes, but she came out with a look upon her face I shall never for-
get. Each day I w-as in Paris I went into the big shop where she was cashier, and
the lovely look was still upon her face. I am sure- it will never leave her.
I send you the striking passages from some of the talks given by Abdul-Baha.
while I was in Paris. My versions are, of course, not complete or perfect. Mirza.
Assad Ullah, who was present, carefully took do-wn Abdul-Baha's words in Persian,
and they will no doubt be translated and given us later. My own translations are
merely the result of notes taken -at the time and are necessarily incomplete. But
certain significant words were of great moment and these I always preserved.
The two points Abdul-Baha seemed desirous of impressing upon his hearers
especially were the fact that man has freed himself from the trammels of ma.terial
conditions through the use of his spiritual gifts, and that possessing this power he
should apply it for good, for the establishing. of a perfect civilization, the abolition
of cruelty and injustice, and the institution of love as the absolute rule.
To attain this he insisted it is only necessary to think right, and again and
again, in various modifications he repeated the wonderful words: "While they make
war, you think peace; while they create destruction, you think: construction; while
they are guilty of cruelty, you think tenderness!"
TALK ON THE BATTLE OF BENGI-IAZI.
I am not happy this morning, I am full of sadness. The news which the paper
brought us was such as must fill one with anguish.
Animals fight, and when they fight it is for a cause, an end to be gained.

