12 STAR OF THE WEST
inevitable during the childhood and youthful epochs of humanity just clos-
we are now entering upon the epoch of maturity for the race, "Fol-
lowing the Letter (a synonym for personality) rather than the Spirit," has
been recognized by mature souls of the past, as a weakness of humanity.
Even today many sincere Christians fail to distinguish between Jesus (the
man) and the Christ (Spirit) manifest in Him. To those who do under-
stand this distinction, idolizing is as intolerable as it is to the one being idol-
every Servant of God admonishes the attracted ones and followers
to abstain therefrom. Repeatedly, Abdul-Ba-ha firmly but kindly, manifests
this quality of greatness.
We should not go to the other extreme, however, and recognize only the
Spirit, ignoring the personality. To deny the personality, is to deny the
purpose of creation and a reason for our' existence in the image of God--the
human form. Consider the Hidden Word: Son of Man! In My
Ancient Entity and in My Eternal Being was I hidden, I knew My Love in
thee, therefore I created thee; upon thee I laid My Image, and to thee re-
vealed My Beauty."
The Bahai Revelation clearly teaches the Oneness and Singleness of
God, i. the l\/Ianifested and the Secluded, the Personal and the Impersonal
'phases should be considered of equal importanceqholding both before the
inner sight in perfect balance. Equilibrium is a characteristic of maturity.
Abdul-Baha has stated, that if it be the Will of God, he will visit America
during the coming year. Let us begin now to "prepare the way" and help
to make his "path straight" by becoming spiritually poised.

ORIENTAL-OCCIDENTAL UNITY.
BY CHARLES MASON REMEY.
The Orient can truly be said to be the Mother of the human race. From
her heart went forth those great racial wave movements which- have peopled
the earth. In her mountain fastnesses the prophets communed with God and
received His life-giving truth, which has been the inspiration of all mankind,
and in her valleys and upon her plains civilization had its dawn.
The Occid-ent can equally truly be said to be the son, or man-child of
the Mother Orient. Both materially and spiritually the Occident has received
its physical life and its religious inspiration from the Orient, the fruit of
which is the present Occidental civilization.
During many centuries the peoples of the East and those of the West
have been separated>> by barriers, racial, religious, geographic and political.
So complete has been this segregation that these two halves of humanity have
developed along different lines of thought, manners, and customs, until the
very natures and characteristics of these peoples have become, in general-,
distinct and foreign one to the other.
Now in these latter days through the breaking down of the hitherto

