4 STAR OF THE WEST
will become the means of establishing friendship and love among tl1e world's difiereut
races. Thus the basis of enmity may be destroyed and the tent of unity of the World of
liuinanity be raised throughout all regions.
regret much that circumstances may prevent me from attending, but I will endeavor
as much as lies in my power to attend. Failing to do so, pray excuse me.
"With a sincere heart I supplicate at the Divine Threshold that this congress may be
successful in founding a noble institution which shall be permanent and everlasting; that
it may ignite :1 candle from which a heavenly light shall beam, a11d plant a tree whose
fruit may be friendship, love and unity between all the children of men, so that conflict
and warfare may be abolished, and patriotic, racial, religious and political prejudices
become unknown. Peace should replace strife, enmity be superseded by love, estrangeinent
annihilated, and unity established. Then what has been spoken of in the heavenly books
will become well rooted in the hearts of' all, and the glad-tidings of the sacred writings be
fulfilled. In conclusion I offer my utmost appreciation and respect to such a blessed
congress. 
The chairman, Mr. . M. Robertson, M. P., made sympathetic reference to the spiritual
language in which the letter was couched, and his remarks were applauded.
from the Record of the Proceedings of the First Universal Races Congress.)
THE BAHAI MOVEMENT
congress designed to bring about a fuller understanding between the peoples of
East and West would be incomplete Without an account of the Bahai movement. In 1844
there appeared at Shiraz, in Persia, a youth, Sayyid Ali Muhammad by name, who pro-
claimed himself the herald of a great spiritual teacher to come. Sayyid Ali ll/Iuliammacl,
known to his followers as the Bab (Gate), soon became renowned throughout l?ersia for his
eloquence and zeal. In 1850 he was shot at Tabriz by order of the Government, who
regarded him as a dangerous disturber of the peace. The movement for religious and
social reform initiated by the Bab continued, however, to grow rapidly.
In the early sixties a Persian nobleman, known hereafter as Baha'u"'llah, proclaimed
himself to some of his adherents as the Teacher whose appearance had been prophesied by
the Bab. His personality attracted multitudes throughout Persia, including the majority
of those Who had followed his forerunner. He wrote that God had made all men as the
drops of one sea and the leaves of one tree, that all races of mankind were pure, and should
Work in harmony together. He foresaw a time when unity would be established between
all races and crecds. "Have noble thoughts, healthy morals, and hygienic habits," he
says. "Be examples to guide all mankind towards its regeneration, and toward the peace
of the Whole worldman glory so in this, that he loves his country. Let
him rather glory in this, that he loves his kind! These ruinous Wars, these fruitless strifes
must cease; and the Most Great Peace shall come."
The followers of this movement underwent a bloody persecution at the hands of the
orthodox Moslems, the numbering above 20,000.
In 1867 Baha'u'llah sent a letter to the Pope, to Queen Victoria, and to other crowned
heads of Europe, calling upon the nations to put down their armaments and to cause a
conference of the Governments to be held. The letters are matters of history.
The Persian Governnient, fearing the effect of Baha'u'llal1's growing influence, exiled
him first to Adrianoplc, and finally, in 1868, by an arrangement with the Turkish 
ties, incarcerated him in the fortress city of Acre on the Syrian coast. During his exile
he wrote many lgdoks, and his influence as a spiritual teacher continued to grow. His prin~
cipal works are Hidden Words and the K>>itab-i-Akd-as. Baha'u'1lah, before his death in
185-)2, instructed his eldest son, Abbas Efiiendi, to continue his work and expound his writ-
ings. He is widely known by the name of 'Abdu'l Baha 'Abbas Abbas the Servant
of He remained in confinement at Acre until 1908, when he was released under
the Young Turkish Constitution. Since then 'Abdu'l Baha has lived at Haifa, on Mount
Carmel.
This movement is not to be regarded as a new religion. Rather is it a world-wide
recognition of the underlying unity of religions and peoples, and of the ideals of interna-
tional peace and good-will. It teaches the equality of the sexes, the duty of every one to
serve the community, and the duty of the community to give opportunity for such 
urging men of all religions to live out their faith. in unity with their fellow-men and show
that behind all expressions of creed there is one religion and one God.
*Baha (Arabic), "The Inefiable Splendour."

