STAR OF THE WEST
Vol. II Chicago (April Q,  Ialal 5 No. 
TABLET REVEALED BY 
TO THE SULTAN OF TURKEY.
Describing the sufferings of himself and his followers, after his arrival
in Akka.
I-IE IS THE POSSESSOR IN I-IIS MIGHT AND 
The Supreme Pen [>1'0cia1Ims:
O, thou personage, who considerest thyself the greatest of all men, while
looking upon the Divine Youth, thinking him to be the lowest of men, yet
through him the of the Supreme Concourse is brightened and illumined.
This Youth has never made nor will he ever make a request of thee: For
from the beginning every one of the Manifestations of Mercifulness and the
Dawning-Places of the Glory of the Almighty, who have stepped forth from
the Realm of Immortality upon the arena of existence and shone forth with
great splendor for the quickening of the dead, men like thee have considered
those Sanctified Souls and Temples of Oneness upon whom the reformation
of the world depends, as the people of strife, and wrong-doers. Verily, their
names (the deniers) are forgotten and ere long thy name will also be forgotten
and thou shalt find thyself in great loss. According to thy opinion this
Quickener of the World and its Peace-Maker is_ culpable and seditious. What
crime have the women, children and suffering babes committed, to merit thy
wrath, oppression and hate? In every religion and community the children
are considered innocent, nor does the Pen of Divine Command hold them
responsible, yet the reign of thy tyranny and despotism has surrounded them.
If thou art the follower of any religion or sect, read thou the Heavenly Books,
the Inspired Epistles and the Divine Writings, so that thou mayest realize the
irresponsibility of children. On the other hand, even those people who do
not believe in God, have never committed such crimes.
In everything an effect is hidden, and no one has denied the effects of
things except an ignorant one who is completely denied and deprived of
intelligence. Therefore, undoubtedly the lamentation of these children and
the cries of these wronged ones will produce a great effect.
You have persecuted a number of souls who have shown no opposition
in your country and who have instigated no revolution against the govern-
ment; nay, rather, days and nights they have been peacefully engaged in the
mentioning of God. You have pillaged their properties and through your
tyrannical acts, all they had was taken from them. When the order was issued
.for the banishment. of this Youth, these souls began to lament, but the officers
who constituted my guard mentioned that these souls had committed no wrong,
nor has the government banished them, but if they desire they may follow
you, for no one will oppose them. Consequently, they paid all their own

