STAR OF THE WEST 7
ferences is a very hard task. The whole world is sick-this is a very bad ill-
ness to cure.
The world is wrong, just because peo-ple talk too much and do not carry
out their ideals. If action took the place of words, the world would change
very soon. A man who does good and does not talk about it is perfect. The
man who does very little good and magnifies it in his speech, is not good. If
I love you, you know it, I need not tell you all the time; on the other hand,
if I did not love you, you would know it also, and you would not believe me
if I said I did love you a thousand times. People speak too much because they
seek fame, because they wish to be thought better than their brethren. Those
who do most good say the least about it.
Look at the Italians for instance. They speak a great deal about human-
itarianism and socialism, and yet see how disgracefully they have behaved to-
wards the Turks. But why should we blame them? I hope you will always
avoid tyranny and oppression, and that you will always uphold and practice
justice towards all men and keep your hearts pure. That is what I expect of
you.
The great causes of separation among the people are:
Racial. Religious. Personal.
Political. Traditional. Commercial prejudices.
has abolished these. None can say that this is not good. Any-
one who denies this is ignorant. God has created the world as one--the bound-
aries are marked out by man. God has not divided the lands. Each man
has his house and meadow; horses and dogs do not divide the fields into shares.
That is why says; "Let not a man glory in this, that he loves
his country, let him rather glory in this, that he loves his kind." All are one
family, one race. All are human beings. Differences as to partition of lands
should no-t be the cause of separation among the people. One of the great
reasons of separation is color. L-ook ho-W this prejudice has power in America,
for instance. See how they hate one another! Think over this. Animals do
no-t quarrel because of their color! Surely man should not, who is so much
higher in creation. What ignorance exists White doves do not quarrel with
other doves that a.re blue, because of their color but white men fight with dark
colored men. This racial prejudice is the wo-rst of all.
All are one. In the Old Testament it says that God created man like
unto His own image. In the Koran it says: "There is no difference in the
creation of God!" Think well. God has created all, cares for all, and all
are under His protection. The policy of God is better than our policy. \Ve
are not as wise as He.
Disease is of two kinds: Material Spiritual. For instance, a cut
of the hand; if you pray for the cut to be healed, and do not stop it bleeding,
you will not do much good, this needs a material remedy.

