STAR OF THE WEST 11
ing as a practical power in daily life. They are applying its principles and are holding
out a helping hand to their co-workers in various parts of the Orient. Through this spirit
of oneness with the Orientals a bond between the East and the West is established, a bond
which will strengthen and grow until all peoples Occidental and Oriental -will be as one
the great universal civilization, which is so rapidly casting its signs before
it, shall stand accomplished.
The Bahais have no form of admission to their ranks, nor have they any enrolled'me_m~
bership. They do not form a sect. Those who sympathize with their aims they consider
as friends and co~w0rkers. As people work with them, they gradually imbibe the spirit and
life inspiring the body of worlcers until they stand forth as exponents of this new faith.
The Bahais have no outward as barriers to differentiate nor to separate them
from other people.
Some of the ordnances of this teaching touch upon the following subjects:
RELIGIOUS All men are free to believe and to worship as they will, but
they are exhorted to unite in faith, for only through "spiritual unity will mankind attain
the highest development.
TOLERANCE. The Bahais should not separate theniselves from people who are not of
their belief, nor should they denounce nor antagonize those holding views other. than their
own. They should mingle freely with all people and show forth their faith through love
and service to their fellow men.
PEACE. Warfare should be abolished and international questions should be settled
by arbitration. In order to facilitate international communication, one language should be
chosen from those already existing, or one devised for that purpose.
GOVERNMENT. Representative legislation is most conducive to the welfare of the
people. The Bahais should be loyal and law-abiding citizens in whatever country they
may dwell. They should not glory in that they love their country, but in that they love
their kind.
WORSHIP. Prayer supplemented by a pure and useful life in this world form the
elements of true worship. Faith without works is not acceptable. Everyone should have
an occupation which conduces to the welfare of humanity, the diligent pursuance of which
is in itself an act of worship.
RESISTANCE. Harshness should be met with gentleness and hatred with love. With
these weapons the Bahais will overcome all opposition.
THE CHURCH. In this Cause there is no priesthood apart from the laity. Each one
who receives the spirit should share it with those whom he meets in daily life. All are
teachers. Teaching is given without money and Without price.
RELIGIOUS. GOVERNMENT. "The House of Justice," a central assembly, the
members of which are selected by general vote, is to preside over the affairs of the Bahai
World. Its Work has to do with charitable and educational matters and the general welfare
of the people.
TEMPERANOE. In all matters moderation is to be observed. Man should not use in-
toxicating liquors as a beverage. The taking of opium and kindred drug habits are most
emphatically denounced, and gambling is also forbidden. The use of tobacco is discouraged.
Admonitions forbidding mendicity, slavery, cruelty to animals, and various offences, to
gether with rules regarding public hygiene, education of both sexes and other matters need
not here be mentioned, as they are already provided by Western civilization, though in the
Orient the need for these is very great.
The effect of these ordinances cannot be overestimated. In the Orient, where religion
is a far more potent factor in every day life than it is here in the West, religious exhorte-
tions and injunctions have inestimable weight in the lives of the masses of the people.

