6 STAR OF THE WEST
congratulation. Abdul-Baha said the result would be a very close drawing
together of the Bahais of Persia and England.
I-low is one impressed by meeting Abdul-Baha'? se-e, hear, or meet him
can never, it seems to me, be a shock, a startling surprise, or an overwhelmin.g
impression. It is a perfectly natural and simple experience, and may even,
at first seem rather disappointing; but Abdul-Baha will ever grow upon you,
even if the meeting is only once. Gradually, you will realize, more and more,
what it is you have been in the presence of and made contact with. Not a
personality, nor a dazzling individual, but so wonderful a state of perfect
detachment and consecration have you encountered that it seems as if you are
being lovingly addressed by the Holy Spirit Itself. It is a great lesson to us
of a man 's perfect attainment. We see before our eyes the attitude towards
God each one of us ought to assume, so that each one in his place may be fully
enabled to love all mankind abundantly, and act with the greatest wisdom,
always shedding round him joy and happiness.
Coming into Abdul-Baha's presence, we may forget everything, cease to
believe anythingOriental man after all. 'We may
question whether we are even a believer. may desire to revise everything,
that we may have only the truth and nothing but the truth'. Then, L-o and
behold. Truth stands out boldly! We still believe, but this belief which
formerly floated high upon the surface of the sea--where it was rocked and
tossed by every wind--now floats more deeply, being well ballasted, so that
outer things henceforth can little affect it.
When we look at Abdul-Baha with the of insight, meditating upon
the words of love and wisdom emananting from him, remembering the hosts
of people so deeply affected by them, and realizing that only a very few care-
less or mistaken directions from him could immediateely and probably would
sacrifice over a million human lives, then do we grasp some little idea of the
wonderful Guidance given him in the midst of the difficulties with which he
has ever been surrounded. In the light of this, the personality first encoun-
tered, disappears; it is sunk, it is resolved in his perfect consecration, in his
absolute abandonment to the Spirit. As you look, a veil seems to come over his
eyes, and You wonder where he is gazing. He, the individual person, seems
as if eclipsed by the very divine Spirit of God. Abdul-Baha is there, but only
as the material focal-point perfectly serving the Light, as an existing object
upon which the invisible Radiance impinges, and which thus becomes mani-
fested unto us in all man.ner o-f wise, loving and fruitful ways. So doth the
Reality of Abdul-Baha impress the soul as it advances.
Sept. 25, 1911. Arthm" Outhbert.
Abdul-Baha and -suite, together with a fairly large party, left England
for France, on the third of October.

