STAR OF THE WEST
X01. i Chicago ?,M,arch p21, 19l1) Baha' i No. 
THE 
BY MIRZA 
In the Name of our Lord, 
God is the One who inspireth the hearts of His servants with that which He
willeth!
HE IS son!
I testify with my being and identity that verily He is God. There is no
God but Him. He hath ever been God, and will be forever more the One,
the Self-subsistent, the Eternal.
And I testify that verily the Blessed Perfection, His Holiness, 
LLAH, is no other than the Most Great anifestation--magnified is His Gran-
deur and was promised in all the Holy Scriptures, and that the
most great Mystery of God, the Branch extended from the Ancient Root,
who hath decorated his head with the crown of Servitude and named himself
Abdul-Baha (the Servant of Baha), is the Successor of the Blessed Perfection,
the Center of His Covenant, and the Aim of His Testament.
And I testify that the hands of the Cause of God, bearers of His Ordi-
nances to the servants and preachers of His Manifestation in the countries,
are the saints of God and His chosen on-es. By them the standard of the
Cause of God is raised and His Signs are promulgated among the creatures.
They are the lamps of God for all in the heaven and upon earth. Upon them
be the Glory of God, His Praise and His Mercy!
ye, our brothers, who believe in God and in the Books of all His relig-
ions! Know that all of us are unanimously believing in the Ancient Entity,
the Eternal God; that He is the Creator of all things; that, verily, He hath
ever been and will continue to be forever.
We also believe that the Prophets and the Manifestations of God were
all bearers of the Message of God, and that the Holy Scriptures are His
books. Accordingly, our belief and religion is that all the Prophets are of
necessity as one light, one reality and as the rays of one sun, even though they
may appear to be different each from the other and each as a different per-
son talking in a different tongue. Therefore, all their laws and books must
needs be as One Law and One Book, even though some of the ordinances be,
in form, contradictory to others; because all of them have spoken on the part
of God, the One, the Unit, and all the Ordinances and Laws are also revealed
on His part. This assertion is in no need -of further rational proof.
Now we submit that there are in the Holy Scriptures references con-
cerning the most great Manifestation, and other predictions and signs regarding
the end of the days. These prophecies are recorded in various texts, both
chronological and symbolical. All the nations have awaited the appearance of
such signs, and the coming Manifestation of their Promised One, with earnest
*Fi1'st of>> a series of presentations of "The Message."

