6 STAR OF THE WEST
die in the places in which they are born, they are the victims of storm and flood,
they are hemmed in by desert, forest, by the great rivers and the sea.
.But man has conquered nature, and is free. He is no longer the slave of the
physical world, he dominates it and is free. He compels the physical world to do
his will. He crosses wide spaces, sails over the ocean, and is beginning to fly
through the air. He is in all things a freed being, and can give his commands to
that nature in the midst of which he was born.
So mian who is freed from material things and dominates nature, should
learn to render his love also unlimited and divine. He should op-en his soul to
the Breeze of God, that it may blow' through him and break down all barriers.
So, if you love, endeavor to love divinely. If you love your country, love it
not with the narrow feeling that it must b-e- loved because it is yours alone, but
with the greater consciousness that your ho-me is a part of the universe. If you
love brother or comrade or wife, love each -one as a part of God, and not with
the narrow sense of possession which renders the love selfish and exclusive. Then
the Breeze of God bl-owing constantly through your love will purify it and make
it divine so-that the Breath of the Holy Spirit will enter into your being and
unite you to God.
But do not seek the honors and loves of this world, seek rather God and His
love, and then the Honors and Loves which belong to Him will be yours. All
the glory of the heavens is his, all the beauty of the flowers, the scent of the
roses and the colors of the sunset. But more than this the beauty of the soul is
His, so that when you look long upon His beauty, it takes many forms and reap-
pears in your consciousness in many figures. But all other beauty fades and disap-
pears, all other honor but His becomes insignificant, all other love but His is
undesirable.
WISDOM.
The greatest treasure of man is wisdom. Through this he is lifted into great
power, through this he becomes the mirror of Divine Love. He comprehends the
past; he possesses the future. In all this man is infinitely superior to the rest of
creation. The sun which brings life to the vegetable world, and gives it bloom and
fragrance is, nevertheless, in spite of all its splendor, limited. It cannot go beyond
the law which controls it, which co-ordinates its movement.
In the animal world it is the same. The elephant with all his strength and
intelligence is bound by the law of his existence. He cannot go beyond this law
or control it. With the beautiful birds which fly through the air in such seeming
freedom, it is the same. They are bound by the law of their existence.
Man alone is free, man alone controls the environment which surrounds him,
he alone makes nature his slave. Though he is of the animal world and cannot
naturally live in the water, he has conquered the ocean, and if he wills may pass
his life upon the bosom of the sea.
Though limited by space so that under ordinary circumstance-s he can only
hear speech within a certain area, he has captured the word and can send it as far
as he will through the marvelous agency of electricity, which he has made his own.
So also he has conquered space by means of photography, and can send pictures
where he will, of all that he sees. He dominates the nature which enslaves all
else, and has made it his obedient servant.
It is a pity that with this dominance and power which have become his, man
has not willed to render perfect the civilization of all the world. But he does not.
If he chose he could -create a Paradise upon the earth, but instead of peace he
makes war, instead of love he sows cruelty, instead of harmony he creates discord.

